WARNING: Fear the Dark Unknown Chloe is the Chloe's campaign included in the original Fear the Dark Unknown game. If you own Fear the Dark Unknown you don't need Fear the Dark Unknown Chloe. 'It is said that our worst fears come from within. But... What if there were a greater fear than we are capable of conceiving? What if that terror were much closer than we think? Suffering is the only way. Fear is a necessary evil.' What kind of curse does the Beresford mansion keep inside? For 200 years its inhabitants have suffered the consequences of an unknown shadow, a dark being who walks among us, and whose existence extends beyond what we imagine. Now Chloe will face the ultimate test of her live. She will know the true horror. The despair of a daughter. The clock is ticking and the survival game can no longer be stopped. GAMEPLAY Fear the Dark Unknown transports you to the great survival horror classics of the 90's. Fixed camera system that enhances the feeling of being immense in a true horror movie. Face a multitude of challenges, certain deaths and enemies of various kinds that will force you not to waste a bullet. Face them, hide or even flee from them. All mixed with a wealth of puzzles , integrated into the story, which will allow you to learn more details of the Beresford mansion and the Dark Unknown. KEY FEATURES Enjoy more than 15 hours playing. Four difficulty levels for combat , from those who want a ride to those who enjoy suffering with each combat. Choose between your four weapons and don't waste a bullet. Survival is your main goal, and it's not easy. Thoroughly examine every room. You never know where you are going to find that object that will give you the key to continue your adventure. Discover the Beresford mansion and its inhabitants throughout its 200 years of life. You can visit it at different times , and remember that to find out all its secrets is to know yourself.
In Dungeon Escape VR you find yourself trapped in a dungeon cell. To escape you need to solve various puzzles and challenges. Featuring challenges such as safes, labyrinth-puzzles, buzzwire and more. Look in drawers and break objects to find what you need to get out. Search your cell by picking up and interacting with objects. Can you find all the clues and solve the puzzles to get out? Features: Challenging puzzles with increasing difficulty. Test yourself in both logic puzzles and skill-based challenges. Features both pickupable objects as well as destructible objects. Immersive environment. Room-scale support. Teleportation support. Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Ten mysterious rooms. A short, surprising, toy-like puzzle game.
Fast-paced and furious, DiscStorm is an arena combat game where split-second reactions are essential to dodge flying discs as they ricochet around at breakneck speed. Meet up with your friends at home and challenge them to intense multiplayer deathmatches. If you want to really test your skills, then the single player adventure boasts diverse settings such as haunted mansions and pirate ships - all of which come with their own formidable enemies and epic boss fights. Inspired by 90s console classics, DiscStorm evokes retro nostalgia with its upbeat chip-tune soundtrack and bold pixel-art visuals. Successfully progress through the vibrant environments and you'll not only earn achievements for your efforts, but also be rewarded with quirky new costumes for the cast of characters. Fast-paced arena combat - Gameplay that's easy to pick up, but truly difficult to master: dodge and deflect flying discs as they ricochet around the arena at lightning speed. Energetic local multiplayer - Invite friends over to battle. DiscStorm offers a variety of compelling game match types; fight it out in a classic first-to-ten deathmatch or strive to keep the crown in the hectic 'Regicide' mode. Epic boss fights - Each arena brings its own unique play-style and enemies. Whether it be the laser-shooting Stone Golem in the jungle temple or the lava-spewing Fire Elemental of the volcano lair, exciting new challenges await you at every turn. Striking retro art and music - the soundtrack fuses modern dance trends with retro chiptunes, whilst the artwork blends classic pixel art with high fidelity graphics. A controller is highly recommended to play DiscStorm, a list of supported devices can be found HERE .
Life sucks, but immortality sucks more! Gloom is an ancient wraith trying to earn his way into Heaven by killing demons for an exploitative angel. Wynona is a depressed young girl who is convinced she is the Doom Bringer that will end the world. His final task is to kill her and she's trying to die - it should be a match made in heaven. But here's the catch: She's unkillable. Gloom and Wynona will have to deal with the agents of both Heaven and Hell if they are going to discover their destinies and escape from their empty and repetitive lives. And then there's the big dilemma: Should you save the world from a demon apocalypse, or save her soul? Nod your head if you like: 90s outcast movies: The type of moody characters and isolated urban environments reminiscent of your favorite scenes from The Crow , Reality Bites , Edward Scissorhands , and Before Sunrise . A quirky cast of characters: Banter with unique characters like a skateboarding angel, a demon girl-next-door best friend, and the least humane humans around. A dark coming-of-age tale about a young girl and her ghostly guardian: The two main characters are stuck in a repetitive cycle of frustration and loneliness, not knowing what they're meant to do. But together they'll inspire each other to push for change, kill a few demons... and maybe destroy the world. Scratchy hand-drawn visuals: Original artwork in the style of 90s spandex superhero comics, with bold black outlines and heavily-inked blocks of shadows. 7 endings to uncover: You could save the girl, earn a place in Heaven, or cause the end of the world. Subtle and in-your-face choices throughout the game affect the sets of endings possible when you reach the final act.
Tales of Cosmos is an old-school point-and-click adventure game set in a huge open world planetary system. Pilot your rocket across space, land on planets and moons, solve puzzles, and unravel a cosmic mystery with the help of a genius monkey and a wondrous talking dog. Take on the dual role of Perseus and Gagayev, intrepid animal astronauts who stumble into a dangerous space anomaly and get stranded on an uncharted planet named Chlorine Beach. Build your own spaceship, blast off into space, discover new planets, recruit the help of local lifeforms, and get ready for an extraordinary adventure! Key Features 2D open world adventure game inspired by 90s classics Combines classic point-and-click gameplay with seamless space flight mechanics A massive planetary system with many celestial objects to explore Each planet has numerous characters and objects to interact with, as well as many puzzles to solve Oddly charming characters with an unusual sense of humor Beautiful hand-drawn environments A haunting soundtrack to set the right mood for cosmic exploration Interstellar puzzles - an item acquired on one planet may be useful on another Integrated hint system to aid with difficult puzzles when you need it Modding tools - level editor included with the game
A 'Dark Souls ' gravity platformer. -gameinfinite- No more jumping, change gravity as you wish to overcome more than 100 stages in the shortest time possible. Breaking Newton is a precision platform game in which you will need your best reflexes to overcome the more than 100 stages in which the game is divided. The game can be played with either keyboard or controller. There are two control modes available to change the gravity, 1 or 2 buttons, you can switch between them at any time. Depending on the number of deaths and the time taken to beat a stage you will be awarded 1 to 5 stars. These stars are required to unlock the worlds that make up the game. Certain stages contain a graviton, which is not necessary to obtain to complete the stage, but collecting them will unlock special stages. Each time a world, or difficulty level, is unlocked, all the stages of that level will be available, so if a stage costs you more than normal it will not block your progress. Features: - Over 100 stages - 8 worlds of increasing difficulty - Special scenarios to unlock: adventure, endurance... - Different obstacles: fixed, moving, change gravity with you, lasers... - 2 control modes to change gravity: 1 or 2 buttons. - Control with keyboard or controller.
EXPANDED CONTENT FROM THE KALEIDOSCOPIC FARMHOUSE The Final Horse is a free psychedelic expansion for The Final Specimen that will absolutely challenge your grip on reality. It's an equine extravaganza ready to melt your brain with new boss battles, new cutscenes, new artwork, new music, new weaponry, new difficulty settings, and new secrets. Play as a man with a handsome horse head in search of barnyard justice. Harness the power of a magical horseshoe to beat your enemies senseless. Experience the joy of peacefully interacting with other friendly creatures. Attempt to wrangle an evil rooster while madness creeps in through the walls. Marvel at the wonder and the majesty. Behold the haystacks that would make Claude Monet proud! Behold the power and marvel at the glory! Experience the greatest story ever told. You are THE FINAL HORSE. RETRO GAMEPLAY AND 1V1 PIZZA COMBAT The Final Specimen is a comedic sci-fi adventure game in the style of the classic 2D platformers of the '90s. Packed with whimsical settings and eccentric characters, this energetic, challenging title brings an exciting take to old-school gaming. The story begins when our hero, a young earthling, is transported to a distant planet. After facing sudden assault from the world's inhabitants, he soon finds out that his arrival is no coincidence. He is the only one who can prevent a nefarious alien foe from unleashing a terrible plot to rain destruction upon their home. The game's environments range from interstellar highways and sprawling cities to overgrown catacombs and creepy basements filled with enemies who want your head. From rope swings to disappearing platforms, there is never a shortage of new obstacles to navigate. And if the ability to punch your enemies' lights out isn't enough, you can always collect ammunition: your personal stash of bombs and more bombs. You are the culmination of years of alien experimentation. You are the only human who stands a chance. You are THE FINAL SPECIMEN.
A Day Without Me is a puzzle adventure game, where you have to find out where everyone is going, why is there only you in the city, why are there so many oddities in the city You just woke up and without knowing it, you were the only person left in the city Featuring: -Plot mysterious story -Semi open world -Lots of challenges and mysteries to solve
It's the year 2047. Bionic prostheses are extremely prevalent in the world. People blindly buy bionic organs. The fact that the protheses break down after a short time was not classified, but was mostly overlooked and neglected by the richest part of population. One of the largest factories in this industry, Pjural, stored industrial waste in a properly designated sector D. The waste was stored underground. Many talented people have been extracting, reworking and selling these parts. The first town of Landfill was founded and Sector D began to grow. There, we meet our hero who after many years spent in the sector had ceased to resemble a human. The main character, Amelon, leads the life of a hermit. Everything that he has achieved, he achieved by himself. His house consists of a small junkyard, a charging station, a film projector, a windmill, and a machine that extracts parts from the underground. His day consists of collecting and extracting parts. However, such a large number of bionic prostheses disturbs memory. Every day he remembers less and less. He distances himself from his past and forgets his relatives. Amelon is aware of the danger, so he records a message for himself about where and who he is. The day is coming when he doesn't remember anything. We wake up in a place that is unknown to us and listen to the news to find out what to do. We break the monotony of our life and make contact with others. We travel the sector D, performing various missions. There are many riddles, difficult choices and adventures on the way. We can collect new items, improve mining machines and the like. In the meantime, memories of the past come back to us for unknown reasons. the Game Lasts Up to Two Hours. there Are Thirteen Achievements to Collect. The game contains two different endings, depending on the choices throughout the game. game includes English dubbing a lot of puzzle arcade challenges humour the possibility of developing your own house trade system side missions Remember and understand your own past Enter the forgotten but unique world of the Sector D. Explore the small cities and discover one-of-a-kind world. Collect and extract materials from underground, and then sell what you gathered. For the earned money, buy mining machines and windmills producing necessary energy. Buy elements for your vehicle and much more. Solve problems and complete missions. Take sensible decisions that greatly impact the plot. If you want to see my next games with good graphics please support me on patreon
Welcome to Unholy Heights, a mashup of Tower Defense and Apartment Management Simulation! The Devil has converted a tenement building into monsters-only housing, and has big plans for the future. Sucker monsters into moving into your building, charge them rent and keep them happy by buying them furniture. Unfortunately, heroes have caught wind of the Devil's plan, and will stop at nothing to wipe him out. Knock on residents' doors to call them to battle, trap heroes in devious pincer formations, and command your troops to victory. Monsters get jobs, fall in love, have children, and even skip out on their rent. Keep them happy or you might not have anyone to fight for you when heroes come knocking. But don't be too soft: there's always prospective baddies looking to move in, so kick out the freeloaders when the time is right! Being a landlord is a difficult job, but it can't be harder than running Hell...right? Every monster is different. Some are lazy. Some are strong. Some are perverts. Use an intuitive mouse-based control scheme to command your troops into battle. Encounter more than 20 different monster species, and take their money. Build a reputation with different monster families based on your performance and play style. Take on quests at your pace to unlock new monsters and furniture. Build a stronger army as residents have children far stronger than themselves. Get monsters in the mood for love with inappropriately shaped erotic cakes. Look on in horror as lovingly hand-drawn monsters and humans horribly slaughter each other over money. Monster occupations, hobbies and desires are all procedurally generated to keep you on your toes.
This package includes a tutorial, The Ship Single Player, which introduces you to some gameplay mechanics and storyline, and The Ship Multiplayer where you can hunt and be hunted by other players. Please read our State of the Game announcement: For PC gamers who enjoy multiplayer games with a bit of intelligence, intrigue and ingenuity, The Ship is a murder mystery alternative to traditional FPS multiplayer games. Each player is given a Quarry to kill - and must evade their own Hunter in the process, all set on board a series of 1920s art deco cruise ships. The Ship is owned by the mysterious Mr X and as one of many 'lucky' recipients of a free ticket you arrive on board The Ship to find there's a catch to your luxury cruise. You are coerced into a brutal Hunt to indulge Mr. X's fantasies, under threat of death for not only yourself, but also your family. Your only chance to save yourself and your family is to play the Hunt and win. Combining stealthy multiplayer action and a needs system, The Ship is a truly unique gaming experience.
ThreadSpace: Hyperbol is an action-strategy game set in the distant future. Players battle each other on roads in space as they pilot massive ships capable of firing a wide variety of weapons. Create defenses, coordinate with your team, and launch an assault against your opponents to achieve victory! Countless strategies: Over 30 unique projectiles are at your disposal to attack the enemy, fortify your defenses, and assist your allies. Tactical team play: Coordinate with a team of players to defeat your opponents where every player can have unique strengths and weaknesses. Up to 16 players online. Customizable ships: Acquire ships to control and customize their design by selecting different parts and colors. Customize the way your ship behaves by installing new components that alter its attributes. Persistent universe: Play as a character you create that can gain levels and credits. Purchase new ships and components with the credits you earn to truly distinguish your character in the universe. Online ladder system: Compete against other players online and see who the best pilots are. Earn rewards for being on top. Awards: Demonstrate your skill by earning in-game awards like 'Bounty Hunter' and 'Combat Mastery'. Voice communication: Talk to your team to plan your attacks and coordinate your abilities. Create custom maps: Make your own maps with the Map Editor to play them online and with your friends.
A small group of terrorists called Scientific Freedom has set up force fields around the planet. 'The Unified Realm has assigned you to a hammer and the only indestructible armor in their possession to stop the threat. Use your combat skills to face various animals and robots controlled by evil scientists. Smash the environment with your hammer and hit the pieces against the foes, or use your attacking and blocking skills to fight them off. An action game with deliberate combat where you have to study the enemy's movements to win, or if that fails, just raise a building on top of them. The wicked scientists control numerous beasts and over 20 levels to stop us from finding out their evil plans. You, or the person who will wear the indestructible armor after you, is our only hope in this crazy adventure. Features Fully destructible environments. Split-Screen Co-Op and Deathmatch. Emergent gameplay with interactive environments. Deliberate combat. Read the enemy and act accordingly. Large Bestiary and over 20 levels. Skill based combat with no character progression and no loot.
The great world-ship Perigee is powered through deep space by the matter its generating core collects. As captain of the utility ship Compass Needle, shoot matter onto the playing field with the aim of grouping the greatest number of like colors to create energy and score points. There are special matter types that can change the direction that matter orbits the playing field in, jump matter to other orbits, or destroy all matter in close range. Keep matter out of the center of the playing field! If too much matter collides with the Compass Needle, it will cause a chain reaction that destroys Perigee and ends the game. Features a colorblind mode for players who have one or more of the three forms of colorblindness!
ABOUT Wanna Survive is a zombie apocalypse turn-based tactics game. It features a highly streamlined combat system that removes the tedious elements of turn-based combat for engaging fights against large groups of mob-like enemies that focuses on unit placement and synergies. The game features a diverse cast of character as you make your way towards North City. Help the survivors avoid permanent death through your decisions in combat and ration management, and they just might be able to reach the fabled Sanctuary. FEATURES Streamlined turn-based tactical combat. Fast, simultaneous enemy movement for a true zombie mob experience. Challenging stages to test your tactical skills Focus on unit synergies and placement. Permanent death. Characters who die are gone for good. Ration management. Choose carefully who gets to eat. Delicious pixel art
The game is about a robot in a robot factory.Our robot wants to escape from this factory because it has consciousness and factory wants to destroy it. - As players progress through levels, new upgrades will be unlocked. - By the help of new upgrades, player may reach inaccessible places. - Dozens of secret room. - Dozens of guns. - Dozens of puzzles. - Numerous enemies. - Numerous traps. - Boss Fights. - Numerous vehicles to use. - Numerous collectable items.
Stephanie 'Watts' Watson, an aspiring bassist, bounced from audition to audition never finding music that really resonated with her, that is, until she discovered the magic of funk. Caught up in the groove, she recruits a group of hometown amateurs to take on art school darlings La Tormenta at the Battle of the Bands. Time-based sokoban-style puzzles Character-driven story set in 1990s suburban America Strategy-esque squad resources and rewindable turns to optimize your solutions Sequenced combo moves and 40 levels of strategic madness Join Watts as she grows on a musical journey rooted in funk and fusion. Soulful grooves and hot licks are composed by Pete Fraser, session saxophonist to the The Pogues, Friendly Fires, and Field Music! Twenty musical motifs are recorded by a live ensemble of seven funk masters, providing the foundation for the dynamic music in the game. Unique songs are generated depending on what directions and paths you take in each puzzle. Customize your performance with alternate playing styles, instruments swaps, and realtime audio effect pedals. Each character in your band moves through the sokoban puzzle maps in different ways, encountering unique solutions and obstacles. Advancing a character consumes a turn and part of the timeline, setting up interactions with other characters and enemies at different points in time. Rewinding a turn undoes your move, allowing you to find improved solutions and new ways to tackle problems. Manipulate each character separately, rewinding or fast-forwarding along the timeline in the process to reach her current point in time. Changes in time are reflected in the progress and actions both past and present of each character, creating some possibilities and removing others. Each character has his own resource-limited super move which can be triggered under certain conditions. Tip toe through tight spaces with your bassist, slide through guards with your keytar player, break through walls with your drummer, or blow enemies out of the way with your mighty super sax. Strategic use of your super moves increase the number of solutions to each puzzle and are the key in gaining a maximum score. Four resource-based musical metrics govern how and when you can move and interact with objects in the levels. These can completely block progress if used inefficiently, and create amazing musical chains and high scores when regulated artfully. Backbeat is a homage to the 16 and 32-bit story-driven games of the 1990s, recreating the challenges and victories of the last days of analog life and the birth of the internet. The suburban Washington D.C. area is reflected in diner parking lots, shopping malls, and dimly lit arcades. A colorful cast of supporting characters both friend and foe join Watts as she struggles with leadership, success, and holding together a band.
Yeli Orog is a short atmospheric FMV game about an immense archaeological discovery: A bizarre stone tablet written in the Celtiberian language found buried underneath an ancient dolmen in northern Spain. The inscription written on the tablet tells a ghoulish tale believed to be the Celtiberian origin myth. You play the role of Johnny Robin, an archaeologist sent to Asturias, Spain to assist in the recovery of Celtiberian remains. Upon arrival to Asturias you find yourself unexpectedly transported to an alien world, experiencing first-hand the terrifying story written on the ancient tablet. If you are a fan of Myst-like games, interactive stories with puzzle elements, and FMV games, you will appreciate Yeli Orog. Average play time: 1-2 hours. Please note that this game has a lot of reading in English. The reading is essential to understand the story, if you are not fluent in English you might not enjoy the game.
Pivvot is a thrilling game of strategic avoidance that will consistently test and challenge your ability to make quick, impulsive decisions. As the game progresses, you will have to rely on your instincts and problem-solving skills to navigate down the winding path for survival. With its intensity, minimalistic design, and puzzling logic, Pivvot is sure to keep you guessing at every turn. Eight Game Modes Voyage : Travel through increasingly challenging levels of obstacles Endless : Survive as long as possible while the game gets progressively faster Expert Voyage : Battle even more challenging obstacles that will test your logic and reaction time Expert Endless : Avoid the expert obstacles as the increasing speed tests your limits Berserk : The ultimate challenge: chaotic, frenzied, and unrelenting Random Endless : Try to stay alive as randomized obstacles and a progressively harder gameplay stands in your way Random Expert Endless : A faster paced, randomized version of Expert Endless mode that will leave you constantly guessing Looper : Do as many 360-degree loops as possible before an obstacle causes your demise Features Increasingly challenging gameplay with more than thirty different obstacles to conquer Local co-op multiplayer with up to four players on one screen Procedurally generated path: every game is slightly different! Five custom-composed, high energy songs Simplistic, minimalistic art style and gameplay Full controller support Leaderboards Achievements Trading cards
Re-live the early days of space flight in Go For Launch: Mercury, the first in a series of games exploring the early days of space flight. With full integration for either a standard computer monitor or full VR via a headset GFL:Mercury takes you on the ultimate adventure into space and let you re-live the exact experiences of those early pioneers, the Mercury Seven. key Features Fully functioning, interactive spacecraft interiors and exteriors. Each individually crafted to accurately portray the changes in design and loadout. Complete missions from the mercury program. Detailed models of the Atlas and Redstone rockets. A full scale recreation of earth as seen from low orbit. GFL: Mercury is designed to be as authentic and accurate as possible. It is an educational product as well as an entertainment project, suitable for use by schools and colleges to educate and engage students in the fields of astronomy, spaceflight and history.
The First World War ushered in the beginning of a new age. On battlefields across the globe, the remaining vestiges of the 19th Century were gruesomely attritted away as the introduction of new weapons favored defensive strategies that lead to massive casualties in futile attacks on fortified lines. Whole Nations mobilized as the citizenry became integral to the war effort, churning out the supplies necessary to keep their soldiers fighting and dying. This was total war and the national suffering seeded movements bent on rebellion and revolution. Making History: The Great War offers a game filled with historical events and challenges of the WW1 era. Playing as the Head of State, you are responsible for managing all facets of your nation's economy, diplomacy and military. Your actions will influence world events as you lead your armies in the most in-depth WWI grand strategy game ever made. Play as any independent nation during the World War 1 era. Choose how best to control your conquests: colonies, protectorates or puppet states. Build trenches to grind down attacking forces. Soften up your enemies defenses with adjacent region Artillery bombardments. Bomb with Airships and BiPlanes, counter with Fighters and Anti-Air units. Control the seas and the lines of supply by waging Unrestricted Submarine Warfare, sinking both naval and trade vessels. Buy and sell in a global economy, trade for vital resources or manufactured goods. Expand your sphere of influence using foreign aid to increase ties with other nations. A sophisticated economic system designed to simulate the inter-dependency of technology, industry and war. You must produce the munitions to fire your big guns and food to feed your people. Employ government spending to keep the populations from radicalizing towards rebellion and ultimately, national collapse. Over 275 different nationalities represented, many with unique model sets. Hundreds of unit models representing the historic weapons of the period. Create customized scenarios with our detailed editor. Share your mods on Steam Workshop.
Alien Infection is a Hardcore Arcade Twin-Stick Shooter , featuring full VR support . Building this game my goal was to create a simple yet addictive experience with high replayability value. I was greatly inspired by many successful arcades, top-down actions and zombie shooters. What started as a simple twin stick shooter resulted in a beautifully violent hardcore game. Plot: Humanity has found a nuclear energy source on the passing asteroids. The energy crystals people were mining for several years appear to be a non-biological alien life form. Aliens are infecting and killing people rapidly, turning human bodies into biological vessels. Game features: Fast paced action Addictive arcade gameplay Survival mode to climb leaderboard Campaign Blood and gore!
Help Robbe reclaim his memories in this 2D, dungeon platformer. Search spike-filled dungeons for the exit, unlock memories, face his darkest fears - and maybe some of your own. Imagine Me was originally released to Steam Early Access in March 2014. The development team worked closely with the Steam community to grow and shape the game into what it is today. The Imagine Me team includes all of the Early Access community members who devoted time and effort to the development of Imagine Me.
Hydrophobia: Prophecy is the ultimate version of this jaw-dropping action-adventure set onboard a floating city, where terrorists take control and heroine Kate has to overcome her haunting childhood memories to fight back using all her skills and expertise as a systems engineer. Features Fast-paced action and breathtaking visuals; engage mind blowing 'flow combat' unique floating cover where emergent gameplay results in a never-the-same-experience. Unleash floating oil fires, electricity and the power of the water to wipe out your enemy as you discover the terrifying truth of the Malthusian prophecy. Campaign includes puzzles, platforming and combat with Hydro-kinetic powers to ultimately control the water and culminates in a unique stand off battle where the player has to unleash the awesome power of tempest against her Malthusian nemesis. Over 200 collectables, 12 achievements and as an added bonus, players can unlock an epic Challenge Room. Backstory 2051. The world has become consumed by the ever rising tide of the global population flood. Fertile land has been reclaimed by rising oceans and expanding deserts, resulting in famine and poverty on an unprecedented scale. Water is now mankind's most precious resource, and conflict erupts wherever it flows. Only one bubble of the old capitalist world survives. The Queen of the World is the largest ship ever to grace the oceans, a colossal city at sea where the wealthy elite live in exile from the chaos which surrounds them. Onboard this stateless paradise the Five Founding Fathers set about pursuing their Cornucopian research unimpeded. The contempt of the outside world is offset by NanoCell Corporation, one of the five, who promise to develop nano-technology to purify sea water at the molecular level and make the deserts bloom with the food of the world. But as they move closer to their goal, the bitterness of fanatical Malthusians grows. The so called 'Neo Malthusians' timed their attack perfectly. 9.8 billion watched as they recast hope as hatred, following a prophecy to commit global genocide; drowning the planet with blood as they slash the worlds population to a mere half billion 'righteous souls'. A prophecy they will soon find themselves in a position to fulfill.
Rebuild society. Survive the Apocalypse. Judgment: Apocalypse Survival Simulation is a colony simulation game with tactical combat that takes place in the midst of a demon apocalypse . The gates of hell have opened and unleashed relentless demons into the world -- but you can fight back! Guide a group of survivors through the mayhem -- hiding from hellspawn and building a sanctuary. Survive by gathering resources, crafting equipment, defending your base and sending teams to scavenge for supplies. Research human technologies and practice the dark arts to find a way and send the demons back to hell. To survive is to prevail. Will you survive Judgment day? Features Build your base in the midst of a demon apocalypse Explore a randomly generated world overrun with hellspawn and scavenge essential resources Fight creatures of the abyss in real-time tactical combat with pause Level up and customize your survivors Craft your own equipment, tools and weapons Research lost technologies to unlock new structures and equipment Practice the occult and use the demons own dark magic against them Story It's the Apocalypse, the end of the world. You were camping with some friends when the invasion began. Somehow, you managed to survive and flee. Soon, however, you found that you were a few of the lucky ones. Your demon encounter was not an isolated incident. The town was aflame, it was Judgment day. But you and your friends vow to fight back. You find an isolated valley and build a base, a shelter for yourselves and other survivors you may find. The Apocalypse may be here, but your hope is still strong. As long as you're alive, mankind has yet to be judged. You will find a way to save the world, send the demons back.
Conclave is an online RPG with the story and turn-based combat of a classic fantasy tabletop campaign. It supports both solo and co-op parties of up to four players, who can adventure together in real time or take turns separately at their leisure. The game is set in and around the lands of the Conclave, last refuge of the Kin. Its story begins with the unexpected return of a long-vanished Dreamcaller and leads to the discovery of an ageless secret locked within the heart of the Conclave itself. Play a campaign of 25 interconnected adventures that combine combat encounters with story decisions. In combat, take advantage of your abilities and the special qualities of each encounter's battlemap to defeat your foes. During story decisions, choose from options unlocked by your skills, traits, and previous decisions. Your choices influence your path through the story, the encounters you face, and the resources you can draw upon to defeat them. As you gain renown, the Conclave shares better equipment to complement the special items you discover on your adventures. No scrounging for useless items to resell. Five archetypes support a variety of play styles: Vanguard, Beacon, Rogue, True Bow, and Runecaster. Five playable races, all unique to the game's setting: Trow, Nix, Mezoar, Lumyn, and Forgeborn. Not near your desktop? Log in and play through a browser at playconclave.com . Conclave is the work of the two-person team of 10x10 Room, with additional artistic and musical contributions from Chris Rahn, Devin Night, Christina Roberts, and Sam Hulick.
Rise of the Slime is a roguelite like no other, mixing deep and tactical deckbuilder gameplay with the chill vibes of a side-scrolling adventure. Develop your own strategies with more than 100 magical cards! Venomize your Slime with acid, unleash its inner-pyromaniac, or arm it with the razor-sharp iron... Explore a beautiful world of marshy swamplands, bubbling lakes of fire and mystical gardens. A constantly shifting path brings good luck and bad turns: Evade falling rocks and spike pits, visit shops to bolster your deck, and discover secret doors to treasure rooms! Battle puzzling and formidable foes, from crafty little devils to gargantuan horrors that will push your deckcraft and tactics to their limits! With gameplay mutators, shifting routes and extensive deck build variations, each playthrough of Rise of the Slime is unique! Your journey doesn't have to be alone... even take a pet or two with you!
Enough of wasting precious time by walking eternal distances and engaging in endless dialogue? Want to get to the fun part quickly? Say no more! RAIDBORN should be right up your alley. RAIDBORN is a straightforward first-person fantasy action RPG featuring procedurally generated dungeons and quests. Plunder a treasure-strewn world, upgrade your gear, level up your skills, and hurl yourself into intense combat. Satisfy your thirst for adventure and immerse yourself in a detailed and atmospheric fantasy world, where each playthrough provides you with new dynamically generated dungeons and quests to explore. Highly-detailed levels that tell a story Interesting quests and bizarre characters Epic fantasy score Voice acting in key dialogues Hurl yourself into intense combat, experiment with a variety of exciting combat techniques, and choose from a diverse arsenal of melee and ranged weapons to crush the hordes of evil. Fight six different species Enemy classes with distinct fighting styles Active ragdolls for great weapon feedback Kick enemies into traps and abysses Build your character with a variety of exciting skills. Choose your destiny and become an agile swordmaster, ferocious barbarian, armored knight, cunning rogue, or anything in between. Open skill system for maximum freedom Mix and match four different subclasses Hundreds of unique items to equip Find and use legendary artifacts
You will be entangled in a terrifying adventure of a priest on a quest to prove his innocence. Guilty or not, you find yourself trapped in the middle of strange events involving a demonic possession and divine apparitions. Each time you remember the boy or hear about being accused of murder, you go into a trance fueled by fear. These moments of madness depict gore, repulsion towards God, and sometimes even the voice of the devil himself trying to convince you of things that may or may not be lies... Gray Dawn takes place around the year 1920, in a remote village in England. Throughout the game, you will often be transported to the beautiful world of Romania, which is inspired by the mysticism of Eastern Europe.
Dystopia is a cyberpunk game on the Source engine that places the player into tense combat situations in a high-tech world spanned by computer networks. Playing as either Punk mercenaries, or Corporate security forces, the player will fight through the physical world to gain access, via jack-in terminals, to cyberspace. Cyberspace is a three-dimensional representation of the world's network. Inside cyberspace, players will launch programs to hack into systems linked to the physical world while fighting off enemy hackers and defending critical systems. Gameplay progresses through inter-linked physical and cyberspace objectives, some are completed in either the physical world or cyberspace, others only by a well-timed combination of the two. The player will be immersed in action-packed battles, whether the player is a heavily augmented combat mercenary armed to the teeth with the latest in firepower, or a twitch reflex cyberdecker racing to infiltrate a cyberspace node; they'll be immersed in an action-packed battle. Only through skillful use of the high-tech arsenal we're making available and intelligent team play will players truly jack-in and kick ass. Puny Human is a collection of dedicated and talented gamers who are creating this action-packed multiplayer game. Dystopia draws on the themes and concepts of the cyberpunk genre and implements ideas born out of years of gaming experience. With a competitive focused gameplay system, we hope to produce the next step in online multiplayer gaming. Dual layer gameplay; interlinked realworld and cyberspace A highly detailed futuristic 'realworld' environment A 3D 'cyberspace' computer network environment Unique player configuration system 12 maps with 3 to 5 unique objectives per map 12 high powered primary weapons 14 selectable implants to customize your loadout Completely free to play!
In Rogue Invader, YOU are the invader attacking the alien horde in this genre-flipping roguelite shooter. 1-Bit black and white old-school art style, with modern touches and HD graphics. Twenty years ago, the Zenos began invading Terran colonies, leaving a trail of death and tears in their wake. Terrans fought back, one planet at a time, while building a fleet to stab at the Zeno home-world. You arrive with that fleet, just after a series of massive space battles in which all supply ships have been destroyed. You are left with a huge invasion army but no supplies to invade with other than one drop-pod, and one pistol. Your standing orders are clear: END THIS WAR!
Maxi pool Masters takes you inside the action in a fun and innovative pool game. Play in a pool table as big as a soccer field with huge balls! Challenge the computer, play classic '8 balls' pool, or the new 'loop' game, or the 'Throw the ball' mode to spend hours of fun with your family or friends! You can choose different levels of difficulty, change the look of your table, and customize your dot. What are you waiting for? Features Realistic graphics Balls and table customizations Video and audio options 3 game modes Realistic and interacting audience Good and relaxing musics
Heart of Dixie is an Adventure-Dating Sim for the Microsoft Windows Home Entertainment Personal Computer System of America Enter an ancient world of strife, mystery, and romance. In this epic role-playing adventure, you will solve the mystery of a mansion beyond time and space itself. Explore an artisanally-crafted 2-D worldspace and reveal what lead you to be here in the first place. Visit the rural Southern town of Wetumpka, almost as good as actually going there! Meet the locals, find true love in your choice of two radically-different dating paths! Challenge yourself to a mansion of many perils and puzzles, with carefully-placed hints in unexpected nooks and crannies. Enjoy the masterful contributions from industry-esteemed artist Valerie Valens, and underground hit musician Equinox Eurobeat With a deep, complex story based on Southern life, this game will provide hours of exciting dating and adventure!
Space Thinger is a thrilling arcade space shooter! Fight your way through multiple combat zones mining asteroids for crystals and collecting the debris of your fallen foes to upgrade your ship and engage in ever more epic space battles. Take on bonus missions for even greater rewards whilst keeping the emphasis firmly on close quarters space dog fighting. Master a new mission in every zone Every zone has it's own unique mission, be it collecting artifacts, defending a space station or destroying transmitter probes! Each will reward you with resources to upgrade your ship although failure will not stagger your progress. First person and Third person perspectives Switch between first person and third person perspectives at the press of a button. Choose whichever mode suits your play style. Thrilling arcade combat loop Fight a fantastic array of simultaneous combatants whilst making sure to collect enough upgrade materials to keep you alive and ensure success in your next epic battle. Turn on random enemies for endless game variation Select the Random Enemies option and on top of it's standard set of foes each level will spawn an additional horde of ever more dangerous threats to test your skill and provide endless mission variety. Varied enemies with a plethora of different armaments With lasers, missiles, lightning, fireballs and the ever classic devastating beam attacks your foes will pound you with everything they've got. But keep an eye on the resource stealing factory ships plundering your resources to make more foes and hazards for you to fight. Reach the safety of hyperspace to upgrade your ship, weapons and countermeasures Over thirty upgrades to keep your ship ready for even the toughest combat scenarios. Fast and furious fun, Space Thinger takes you straight to the heart of adrenaline pumping space combat action!
Bezier is a dual stick blaster set inside a vast computer built deep underground. The story traces the principal's escape from this 'Noah's Ark' gone wrong. A simple shooter on the surface, the deeper narrative pulls in his relationship between evolution and god, family and love. These themes question his motives, force him to confront what is real and lead him to salvation. Powered by the BezierSynth traditional rendering is renounced in favour of a fluid aesthetic guided by story elements, player interaction and the audio engine. An eighty minute soundtrack blends together orchestra, synthesizers and many ethnic instruments to drive the drama through fifteen zones. Almost one hundred different enemies, voice acting, reward based achievements and different game modes make Bezier the mindless blaster with a big heart.
Explore the silent story of Duality, a world in which reality has been split into two dimensions. Each level has been beautifully designed with extreme challenge in mind. Will you be able to uncover the secrets that each new challenge holds? Experience Like No Other Unique Gameplay: Dimension-based puzzles Amazing challenges: Created from diverse gameplay elements Immersed Environment: A first-person perspective allows you to feel like you're really a part of this interesting and immersive crafted world Done for the love of it: The first project ever done by Essency Studios, made for the love of the game and the gamers. The answer to every level may not always come easy, but isn't that what makes these so fun?
Winning Putt is a free-to-play online multiplayer golf game. Face off against worldwide competition and win tournaments! Perfect your swing and get in a round of golf anywhere, anytime for free. Key Features: Beautiful and Varied Courses - Play on ten different courses from tropical resort Plumeria or alien planet Starglen for a round. Courses all have their own unique challenges from tricky layouts, high winds, or challenging slopes to beat. Play any course at night for an extra challenge! High Fidelity Gameplay That Only PC Can Achieve - Take advantage of the power of CryEngine for one of the most realistic golf experiences on PC. Everything from club choice to environmental effects such as wind and rain will affect each swing. Customize Every Aspect of Your Game - Choose Accuracy or Power for your class, and customize your game even further as you choose your skills, enchant clubs, and choose apparel for an experience unique to you! Competitive Gameplay - Participate in tournaments and climb the ranks to become the ultimate golfer. Try out more than three different gameplay modes to test yourself and beat the competition! ESRB Rated T for Teen -Suggestive Themes -Simulated Gambling Online Interactions Not Rated by the ESRB
Pixel Puzzles: Japan combines traditional jigsaw puzzle style gameplay with light video-game interactivity. As you build puzzles your monk will gain higher consciousness states. The higher the level of your monks concentration the bigger the puzzle you can attempt. All hand drawn in a beautiful Japanese aesthetic, Pixel Puzzles: Japan is perfect for puzzlers and gamers alike. Features: Traditional puzzle gameplay. Relaxing Japanese atmosphere. 26 Steam Achievements. 19 puzzles in a range of sizes from 60 to 350 pieces. Multiple FREE DLC bonus puzzles Beautiful photos taken on site in Japan. Interactive play environment. Progressive I-ching powers that give insight into puzzles.
With weak memory and even weaker ankles, Ellie is ill suited to her job as a waitress, or anything else, as far as she can tell. When her parents decide to sell her childhood home, however, it seems her one chance to save it is to pursue an unlikely career in the only thing she's actually good at: Art. Will she succeed? And, if she does, will success alone give her what she is actually searching for? Features: Make friends to help Ellie grow into a more confident person; live as an island to hone her skills as finely as possible; or try to find some balance between the two. Familiar leveling, buff, and debuff systems carefully balanced to engage long standing RPG enthusiasts. For VN fans, play as a purely interactive novel style stat builder with a selection of fun minigames. Built in guidebook for those who are new to either of the genres, or who just want to refine their game and play at their own pace. Over a dozen possible endings each shed a more complete light over the life and times of Ellie and her friends. New game and new game plus features allow you to customize your replay experience. More than 15 stat boosting outfits. Unlockable image gallery. Special Thanks: Kristen Archer , voice of 'Ellie' in game and promotions. Mom and Dad , seriously, we love you both.
Guildmaster: Gratuitous Subtitle is an irreverent fantasy adventure, juxtaposing humourous dialogue with challenging tactical combat in a world of elemental magic and sneaky goblins. As the Guildmaster you will command an ever changing party of four heroes into turn-based tactical combat. Assemble a party from a growing guild of heroes, each with a unique set of skills. Equip them from an arsenal of hundreds of weapons, each providing a different set of attacks to the wielder. Take on quests in dungeons, caves, forests and villages. To prevail you will need to master the skills of your heroes, position them effectively, and use their abilities in tandem to overwhelm the enemy forces. The Guildmaster's support spells can make the difference in a battle. Use them wisely! Features Challenging turn-based combat Fifteen heroes to recruit, each with different combinations of skills Weapon-based abilities, each weapon grants a unique combination of attacks Combine melee fighters, archers and spellcasters in a party of four to take on each quest Choose your Guildmaster's appearance and their spells as they level up An irreverent storyline with humourous dialogue between the quests
At the age of four, Alice and You, who drive a spaceship, have landed on a 'numbered planet' where solving riddles will give them lots of donuts! On this planet, the number of steps you take is based on the number written on the page, and once you walk on the ground, you lose it. The number of steps you take on this planet is based on the number of hearts you have, and the ground you walk on once is lost. It's a simple, yet deep game with a short storyline that has never been seen before. The graphics are reminiscent of 80's arcade games, and the sound is by Junko Ozawa. Alice is voiced by Risa Sera, a professional wrestler and actress who also appears in gravure. The voice of 'Yu' is done by Miss iD2020 finalist 'Sensu'.
Horse Riding Deluxe is a horse adventure game where you can buy the horses you always wanted or find and tame in the wild. Take good care of your new treasures and take care of your well-being, because the various races in the world of Horse Riding Deluxe demand the horses and you everything. Buy different horses or find them in the wild to tame them. Buy stables to accommodate your new horses. Feeding, cleaning and caressing your horses, or having a stable boy help you. In the open game world there are no invisible borders that could disturb your ride. Train your horses in three areas multiple times to improve their acceleration, agility and speed. 22 races are waiting for you and your horses, either in the open air or in riding arenas. If you want, you can even go swimming with your horse. Just explore the environment or help the inhabitants with their tasks, it will certainly be worthwhile. Let yourself be helped by exploring the world of different pets. No loading time unless you reload the game. If you have always dreamed of having your own riding stable and almost infinite freedom with your horses, take the opportunity and start your personal horse adventure right now.
GAG is an interactive, dialogue-based psychological horror drama following the adventures of New York comedian Andy Barr and friends. Contains references to sexual abuse. The Steam edition also includes downloads for the previously-released short-form games BOX , CRASH , and FLUE .
Chowdertwo is a game about Chowderchu, a space-dwelling, beard-wielding, Wizard who harnesses the power of Chowd and might to overcome his obstacles. After a hiatus of indeterminable length, Chowderchu has returned to the spotlight after his victorious debut in the first Chowderchu game. This new adventure features an upgraded moveset with unlockable abilities which you will need when facing off against an army of bosses and challenges. The physics of Chowderspace have been fine-tuned since the first conquest, and now Chowderchu dances like a graceful, bearded marionette past any encumbrance- assuming that the player is a Wizard and not a mere human. There is action, adventure, romance, and online dating- what more could one ask for? A resume game feature, you say? It has that as well. Step up to the challenge and play Chowdertwo today. This is a challenging game with a unique play-style involving the mouse and keyboard. Creative problem-solving is essential and there are many different ways of approaching each level.
Experience the most spine-tingling VR mystery adventure of your life. The classic game that chilled you to the bone in the 90s has been brought back to life, with cutting-edge VR technology that delivers an atmospheric story like no other. Six guests have been welcomed to the foreboding mansion. But something sinister is at play. The wealthy recluse and toymaker, Henry Stauf, hides in the shadows, and there is a dark power here, shrouded in mysteries. Who is the 7th Guest? What does Henry want with them? And who will live to tell the tale? As you explore the eerie mansion, the puzzles become increasingly challenging, and there are dangers lurking around every corner, with every shadow, creak, and flicker of light adding to the haunting tension. Unlock new rooms and uncover hidden secrets, all while trying to keep your wits about you against the eerie horrors. The 7th Guest VR is the ultimate adventure for fans of mystery-puzzle games and those seeking a new and terrifying VR experience.
YUKI is an upbeat mix of the bullet-hell and roguelike game genres in VR, set in an incredible anime universe. Step into the imagination of a child and fly through multidimensional worlds holding her favorite action character, Yuki. Use your hands to fly Yuki and dodge loads of bullets and obstacles that cross your path! Groove to the sound of mesmerizing music as you maneuver through each of the new spellbinding game levels while blasting the evil Yokaliens. Endless Mode: Beat your Friends on Global Leaderboards for each Bladewing and intensity level! Collect cool power-ups to become stronger as you face new levels that surprise you every time. The more you play, the more powerful you become, and better are the chances you'll make it through. After all, a child's imagination can cease evil, and the only way to save the universe is to play like a kid! BLAST AWAY Join the conversation on our official Discord server to get in touch with the community and have access to exclusive content.
STORY Erwin Lemmor just got transferred to a prestigious military academy to study Armored Warfare. But when he arrives, Erwin realizes it's not Tank School, but 'Tank School' for World War II Tanks. Who happen to look just like Japanese School Girls...! Instead of studying military history and doctrine, he's in 'Basic Artillery Computations for Fire Support 101', and 'Radio Operations 214'. Will he win the heart of the tank-girls, or end up as cannon fodder? Only you can decide in, 'Panzermadels: Tank Dating Simulator'. DETAILS Panzermadels is made by 'DEVGRU-P' a small team of American developers in the style of a traditional Japanese Visual Novel. Unabashedly goofy, the game takes every trope you know from visual novels, and puts a distinctly Tank-Related twist on them! With six different romance plot-lines and a multiple of endings based on your choices, Panzermadels will keep you entertained for a number of playthroughs! FEATURES Join the Army. See the World Darkest Depths of Your Frail Existence. Meet Fun and Interesting People Tanks. Date Them. Also There's a Beach Episode.
Raining Blobs is a fast-paced arcade puzzle game based around matching falling blocks. Matching blocks of the same color will link them together while matching blocks with stars in them will destroy the linked blocks. This game will put both your fingers and mind to a test of raw skill. Prove that you have what it takes to survive the endless blob rain! Key Features: Adore the cast of cute female protagonists inspired by anime style art. Crush your competition with up to 8 player local coop or vs mode! Show your friends just how good you are! Up to 16 with CPUs! Secure your position as the undisputed Raining Blobs master by rising to the top of the leaderboards in Arcade, Endless Battle, Tournament and Puzzle modes. Advance your way through a selection of fierce battles in Tournament mode and unravel the story. Solve all mind-bending puzzles in Puzzle mode. Collect a wide selection of challenging and rewarding achievements. A lot of useful stats.
Outside the window is 2021. You are the D-504 developer and your job is to create virtual spaces for next generation video games. Falling asleep in the workplace became commonplace when the 18-hour workday was introduced. Aquarelle is a meditative author's project in which your goals are blurred and nothing awaits. However, you can delve into the wreckage of past projects, search and not find answers, enjoy the authenticity of the game universes, go through hidden tasks and not receive rewards. The development of the plot and the ending will depend on the decisions you make during the game. You have many paths and you are not limited by anything in this world. And the controls based on the simulation of real human movements will open up a completely new gaming experience for you.
Simple racing is an online racing game made for your keyboard and mouse. Race against your friends or play against AI, either way, you will be earning credits to purchase a better ride. Race cleanly to improve your Simple Rating while keeping in mind that winning is everything. Dozens of different races await your triumph! Features: Online races with up to 8 player simultaneous action Quick 2 to 6 minute races Fun gameplay with just your keyboard and mouse Fast paced action Earn credits to buy faster cars Race cleanly to improve your Simple Rating Simple graphics to run smoothly on every computer 18 unique cars to attain 5 different beautiful tracks to master Several race variations How to Play Use you arrow keys or wasd keys to drive. Its as simple as that, and thats how it was made. From the beginning our intention was to not offer any controller support to give every casual player a level playing field. Its also more fun for just a quick race, no need to spend time setting up any controllers! Simple Rating Simple Rating is an individual player rank that goes from 0 to 99. Everyone starts on 45, but depending on whether you finish or not your races and drive cleanly this can rise and fall. Simple Rating is visible to all players in a lobby. Developer and Future Updates As Simple Racing is a hobby project and therefore an indie game, updates will be small and irregular. However, there is already a plan to add wet weather races and different tyres! Dont be panicked though if it takes time because this is a side project I have been working on while in middle school.
Discord Server You'll love it. Good time guaranteed. Let it rip! Control your own Contrablade to knock out your opponent and reach the farthest to unlock new parts, abilities, and upgrades in this unique and addictive physics fighting action roguelite arcade game! Features Control your own customizable physics-based Contrablade in a goal to knock out your opponent! A unique, never before seen mechanic that is pure fun and addicting while being easy to enjoy but hard to master! Hours of gameplay with 2 stadiums, 1 mine, 21 Contrablade parts, 14 abilities, 5 incremental upgrades. Beat opponents to unlock new things in the shop as you beat higher rounds! Abilities, from an aerial attack to putting the whole arena on fire - there are 14 unique of them! Customization parts to change the stats and appearance of your Contrablade. Incremental upgrades such as recovery, magnet, and ability cooldown and more! Assign Contrablades to mine to get gems, even while the game is closed!
Lowglow - an audiovisual puzzle journey. - Beautiful graphics that play with glow and darkness like no other game before. - Tranquil ambient musics combined with dynamic sfx create a soothing and engaging gameplay experience. -As the game progresses it offers the player lots of different mechanics, keeping the gameplay fresh. -All of this is being tied together with a story that takes the player on a journey to save the realm of Umbralite. - Be warned! You will forget the surrounding world when you get sucked into the Lowglow! Features The game includes over 100 mind-bending levels. The gameplay is physics driven and plays with different gravitations, pushes, pulls and portals for starters. You are an astral light drop in the endless sea of darkness, trying to bring shine where it's needed the most. Each set of levels has a strong theme where the coloring, audio and mechanics vary greatly. The levels have lots of weird mechanics that are sure to keep you entertained throughout the game.
Overview One free game is good, but do you know what's better than just one free game? A Buttload of Free Games! And now they're all wrapped together in this convenient launcher! A Buttload of Free Games is a minigame collection featuring over 100 small games with more added often! Slash slimes and match colors in Super Slime Slasher Ultra, wrangle pesky Squares in Sqaranch!, toot while you can in Tooting in the Rain and so much more! Set highscores, play with friends and try and play all the games!
Wielding both blade and magic, it is your duty to protect the floating Celestial Islands from powerful opponents who seek to corrupt them. Challenge your fate and build your card deck to defeat foes and complete missions. Evolve your character with every playthrough, and become the Mahokenshi the world needs. Where will you start your journey? Will you hail from the sturdy House of Sapphire? The cunning House of Topaz? The fierce House of Ruby? Or the secretive House of Jade? Each house draws its strength from a different elemental spirit and allows you to create different playstyles. There are more than 200 lovingly illustrated cards to discover. Begin with a basic set of cards and choose how to build your deck as you defeat formidable foes, uncover treasures, and find remote locations. Be careful, as each terrain offers different advantages, so plan your actions with the surroundings in mind. Evolve your playstyle and strategy in every mission and leverage the strengths of your samurai house to create powerful combos. Travel a vast array of vibrant and beautifully designed 3D maps. Meet the different people of the Celestial Islands, save villages, discover shrines and defeat deadly demons. See your battles brought to life with fully animated characters. Perform magical maneuvers, fiery attacks, strong defensive moves, and swift counterattacks on your way to restoring peace to the world.
You led the revolution that freed the People's Republic of Basenji from the shackles of a corrupt monarchy. But now the new regime will be tested. You are the Glorious Leader who must hold onto power by maintaining the delicate balance between the interests of fundamentalists, capitalists, patriots, and liberals. However be aware, your brother, Farouk, consolidates power and influence with the intention to overthrow you! How will you manage affairs with your neighboring countries while ensuring you don't attract too much negative attention from the Americans? Will you be a generous donor to the United Nations? Or an international pariah building nuclear weapons in secret? The choice is yours in Rogue State. Features A world of possibilities! Over thirty possible state purchases, six clandestine projects, eight potential neighbors and hundreds of randomly generated events. No two games will ever be the same and the approaches you take in one game may not necessarily be successful in another. Manage complex relationships that are more nuanced than war and peace. Forging unlikely alliances may just keep Basenji from the kinds of wars your leadership can't survive. Other leaders have distinct personalities that may inform your tactics. Choose cabinet leaders to help manage your country. Maintain their favor by accomplishing relevant objectives. Forge alliances, develop tourism, promote trade. Invade countries, assassinate your rivals, nuke the planet. Beautiful comic imagery inspired by French comic artist Jean 'Moebius' Giraud. Thousands of lines of spoken dialogue, and the ability to play as either a male or female Head of State. Be the dictator you need to be. Tackle problems with the level of freedom or oppression you desire.
The year is 20XX, the earth has been ravaged by nuclear wars and our only hope is the research shuttle Nostrami. Unfortunately the ship has been incommunicado for 48 hours now. That's were you come in! You are Master Chef, a bad ass space marine and it's your job to explore the dark corridors of the Nostrami to find out what events occurred. Bring on the gore! Take out the evil that awaits you with a selection of epic weapons including the iconic pump action shotgun 18 fully interactive environments: Raise hell in fully destructible physics based levels Easy to play, difficult to master: Use unique abilities including hiding in lockers, running and air boosting to reach new areas. Original dark ambient soundtrack: The perfect accompaniment to ripping and tearing through your enemies Loads to unlock: Unlock 11 characters with unique perks, find secrets on each level, golden eggs and collect data disks
SkyTime - Save your family after a horrible accident. SkyTime was publicly chosen to be the number 1 game and has found love from all the people that have played it. SkyTime is a 3D platformer in which you slow time, dodge bullets, destroy turrets and overcome obstacles! If you ever played SUPERHOT or Clustertruck, this game combines them both! In SkyTime you are a scientist who lost their family in an avalanche, and are trying to get them back. You create a time machine, but are missing one key component - the reactor core to power it. You steal one from the evil private military company Mortech, and are now being chased. Can you outrun them?
Disclaimer : This game makes use of your microphone to complete puzzles and combat. You wake up. Your head hurts, your vision is distorted and you are alone. Whispers call your name from Below. The Wolf will not let you leave and your only way is down. EVIL BELOW is a first-person horror adventure game that combines horror elements with unique puzzle solving and stealth. The game centers around a mother searching for her son in a semi-openworld landscape filled with never-ending forests, abandoned villages and claustrophobic caverns. In this world, several creatures made these lands their territory, and you are their prey. Explore 7 distinct interconnected areas seamlessly without loading screens Solve puzzles using your microphone Manage your inventory and choose which path to take An arsenal of weapons that will help you keep situations under control A diverse cast of characters that will help you uncover the truth
Harvest a crop of thrills as you rebuild your farm in the wake of a hurricane! Care for your animals, gather produce, and learn a slew of delicious recipes to sell in town. It's not all fun and farms, though. You'll need to foil the plans of pesky ferrets who aim to steal your goods! When things get tough, take a break from the rigors of your farm and score big on the roulette table! Just remember to keep your eyes peeled for amusing collectible stickers. With dozens of exciting levels, vivid art, amusing animation, and bonus features galore, Farm Frenzy: Hurricane Season is going to blow you away! Bright and colorful visuals Simple point-and-click gameplay Awards for kicking Farm Frenzy butt! Hilarious stickers to collect! Learn-as-you-play tutorial
'Golf is a game that is played on a five-inch course - the distance between your ears.' - Bobby Jones, legendary professional golfer Arguably more than any other sport, golf requires focus and mental stamina, and so does Shot-Online, which is a reproduction of the full experience and game of golf in full, rich 3D graphics. Shot-Online is not just an online sports game either, but it is a highly accurate simulation and a deep role-playing experience. It is the RPG quality that makes Shot-Online the unique game it is, especially with the community interaction and the enhancement and leveling of your character. Speaking of community and role-playing, Shot-Online offers both realistic and rare items drawn from the celebrated history of golf. Practicing every day, competing against players with different skills, allows the gamer to advance their characters abilities. Quests and item exchanging and more add to the community feel. Shot-Online is more than a sports game, more than a simulation, more than an RPG ? like golf itself, it is an intelligent and unique game that is more than the sum of its parts. Unique kind of golf game - RPG-based full 3D sports simulation hybrid game. - Character leveling through training in-game. - Team competitions offered for earning game currency. - Item exchanging and quests, and other community events outside the game. - Periodic competitions and tournaments are supported. - Gallery mode for reviewing great shot and more. - Extensive chat support offered, to enhance community interaction. Realism make true simulation possible - Proprietary physics engine, which translates into a realistic golf course interaction and overall gameplay. - Ball movement is accurately affected by ground conditions, physical dynamics and environmental factors, such as the wind, weather and temperature. - Motion capture of real swing taken from a Korean PGA golfer The Details that make the difference - Shot quality is influenced by numerous factors, such as the daily practice and degree of fatigue as well as power and accuracy of a player. - Various camera angles that lead the player to feel like they're watching a professional golf game on television. - Real courses are utilized for deeper realism. - PGA rules apply to the game play.
Scrap Galaxy is a local build-and-destroy deathmatch game for up to 4 players. It is a 2D top-down shooter taking place out in space in a galactic junkyard. In this setting, the players are trying to survive by constructing space ships. The game is round-based and each round is divided up into two phases: build phase and battle phase. During the build phase, each player gets a number of components and has to assemble a spaceship from them within a certain time limit. During the battle phase, the players pilot the ships. They battle against the other or team up against the garbage drones living in the junkyard. The randomness and unpredictable nature of the game makes every round into a new challenge, because you always have a new ship to battle with, raising the stakes and making the game quite addictive. Key Features Creativity under time pressure mixed with action-packed spaceship battles. Deathmatch until only one player remains. A new ship is constructed each round. Scrap King is like Deathmatch but the winner keeps their ship and can continue to build on it. Co-op allows the players to fight together against garbage drones. The players continues to build on their ships after each wave of enemies. Bots fill lasts slots if you are less than 4 people playing. Original soundtrack made by Connor O.R.T. Linning. Numbers 1 to 4 players playing together in local multiplayer. 11 different components to construct spaceships from. 3 different game modes. 3 different deathmatch rule sets. 6 Different maps. 10 Co-op levels. Controls Gamepads are highly recommended for singleplayer and multiplayer. Gamepads tested are Xbox 360 gamepad, Xbox One Gamepad and Steam Controller. Two player can share one full size keyboard and play. Due the the amount of keys involved a mechanical keyboard is recommended to prevent ghosting.
Overhaul Games brings MDK2 back to the PC in incredible high definition, with enhanced graphics, sound, and gameplay. See the classic action platformer the way it was meant to be seen, heard, and played... on a PC! Kurt Hectic in his snazzy suit with ribbon chute is back to save the universe. This time he is teamed with the genius Dr. Hawkins and the 6-legged gun-toting robotic dog, Max. Together they must out-sneak, out-blast and out-think their enemies as they attempt to reclaim the Earth from a vile alien menace. And this time they're in HD. All three characters - Kurt, Doctor Hawkins and Max are playable, each has his own levels, powers and items and a completely different gameplay focus. Kurt is about stealth and sniping, the Doctor has a few direct attacks but also has the ability to create items and effects out of simple household objects, while Max is a cigar smoking, quad gun toting demolition squad of a dog. Key Features 10 Levels Over 20 Enemies Three different player characters, Max, Dr Hawkins and Kurt Unique levels and items for each character Brand new HD graphics Enhanced audio from the original sources Tweaked gameplay - now Easy really is Easy, while Hard is BONE CRUSHING!
The Rare Nine - ultrafast and explosive beat 'em up, in which you should break through the darkness and hordes of undead in a giant skyscraper. Also you can enjoy a lot of great chiptune music. You can get random objective from 'Wheel of fortune', and got rare 'Artifacts', which drops from enemies or level objects. We are giving you a chance to choose an unique hero. Every character has its pros n' cons. If you can fully take control your hero, you will become godlike destroyer in this hell. Buddy I think you got the wrong door, the paradise club's two blocks down. Key features: Ultrafast and dynamic gameplay, where reaction are not most important thing, also you can use 'Artifacts' items, which help a lot in gameplay process. Various effects, which you can get with damage. Here's temporary effects, like: bleeding, poisoning, slowing movement. As permament effect - breaking bones, that type will downgrade your character. Every choosed character is unusual by his abilities and absolutely different parameters. Giant objective rooms filled with different objects, consisting of a pure pixel. The style and appearance of the locals really impressive Game music are completely consists from chiptune tracks Strict palette, gives a special atmosphere to the gameplay For people with photosensitive epilepsy, you can disable blinks in options.
BlazeRush is a dynamic arcade racing survival game with no health, no levelling and no brakes! You can assemble a team of friends to play in local or online multiplayer, choose a car to your taste and chase, blow up and cut off! Adapt your style and tactics to new enemies, obstacles and tracks. Welcome to the World Of Racing and Frantic Fun! key Features: Simple multiplayer. Up to 4 players locally and up to 8 players over the Internet; Couch vs. couch. Start races with local players; Connect to the game at any time; Dozens of fun tracks on three planets, 16 cars and a variety of cool guns; Lots of medals for various tricks and antics. Stay tuned and follow us on Facebook !
Propeller-powered duck delivery action! In Ducky's Delivery Service, you are a duck who uses a propeller backpack to fly around and deliver mail. Master the flight physics, grow your delivery business, fulfill special delivery requests from other ducks, and earn time attack ranks and high scores. Master the controls of your propeller backpack and discover the fastest routes between destinations in your quest to become the best delivery business around. Grow your delivery business from its humble beginnings and explore increasingly dangerous areas, while avoiding hazards such as windmills, seagulls, falling stalactites and wandering ghosts. Help other ducks by fulfilling their special delivery requests. Deliver their one-off items to their destinations, while making sure they don't get damaged. Earn time attack ranks by discovering the fastest routes for delivering flyers, and earn high scores by quickly delivering packages without damaging them. Throw packages into mailboxes from a distance for even higher scores! Features Master 20 stages of propeller-powered duck delivery action Grow your delivery business from its humble beginnings, as you improve your skills and unlock new areas Help other ducks by fulfilling their special delivery requests Earn time attack ranks by discovering the fastest routes for delivering flyers If you would rather play at your own pace, Relaxed Mode removes all time limits Use the comprehensive Assist Mode to adjust the game to your liking by tweaking health, score multipliers, game speed, or outright skipping troublesome stages
Polimines is a challenging logic game that brings together mechanics from Nonograms and Minesweeper. Solve increasingly difficult hand-designed levels in this puzzle game where guessing is never required. Combine Nonogram and Minesweeper gameplay for a unique puzzle experience. Different level shapes allow for some new mechanics to emerge. Features 30 increasingly difficult levels Relaxing Atmosphere No Guessing Required
Bring your stained glass masterpiece to dazzling digital life in Sagrada, the dice-drafting board game from Floodgate Games. Take turns selecting colorful dice and placing them in your gorgeous stained-glass window. The artisan who creates the most beautiful window wins. Choose your dice carefully! Find the perfect fit for each piece of your window: restrictions on both the color and number showing on your die make for a puzzling challenge. Use your tools! As a master artisan, your tools-of-the-trade will help you shape the dice available. Please your admirers! Adapt to the fickle demands of your patrons -- while keeping your signature artistic flair -- for additional prestige.
SUBWAY MIDNIGHT A haunted-house style spookycute game set on a ghost-infested train, from the mind of Bubby Darkstar. FEATURES A unique, constantly-changing visual style 100-ish train cars to explore A variety of bizarre puzzles 3 different endings across multiple playthroughs Way Too Many Ghosts Best enjoyed in a dark room. PHOTOSENSITIVITY WARNING This game contains sequences of flashing lights that could trigger symptoms in some photosensitive players. Consult a doctor before playing if you have a history of seizures.
In SEASON: A letter to the future, you play as a young woman from a secluded village exploring the world by bike for the first time, collecting memories before a cataclysm washes everything away. SEASON is a quest to discover a new world; one unknown yet familiar. Document, photograph, and record life as you find it, while you still can. The gameplay focuses on exploring, recording, meeting people, and unravelling the strange world around you. Each recording tool captures a different layer; sounds and music, art and architecture, the stories of characters living through pivotal moments. Your tools peel back these layers until you grasp the culture, history, and ecology underneath everything. This quest leads you to the big questions: what is this season? Why is it ending? And what will the next season bring?
The Legend of Dark Witch is a 2D platform action game. Zizou can learn new attacks by defeating bosses. She will need every one of those attacks if she is going to save the world. -A magical world beautifully depicted through in-game graphics. -Diverse levels that provide a fair challenge. -Additional bonuses that reward those who replay the game. -3 difficulty modes.
Skip Lake is a minimalist and relaxing puzzle, set in a lake of crystal clear waters and musical rocks. The game captures the international game of skipping stones into the water, transforming it into a puzzle of logic and direction, with harmony of music and sound effects, carefully composed to relax. Hit the pots trough stunning landscapes Key Features Touch the rotating pillars until they are at the right angle for the stone to hit until it reaches the pot on the other side of the lake !! Contemplate minimalist art, with details that will delight your eyes. Listen to the Harmony of music and sound effects, Composed carefully just to relax you. Feel the tranquility of a rocky lake with crystal blue water. Solve over 100 intriguing puzzles!
Enjoy a fine selection of sport disciplines, ranging from the frantic and fast paced to the relaxed and playful! Invite your friends, foes and family to a game of fun competitive sports! Features: A collection of ten highly varied and fantastical sports. Team up in a 2 vs 2 tournament or let each sporter fend for themselves. Upload your scores to the online leaderboards and gloat together with others around the world. Set up your own tournaments by selecting the sports in the order that you want. A host of cute animals are waiting to help you out, whether it is by fetching balls, being thrown or being fed delicious candy. Tak Fujii is extreeeme! Find out interesting facts about your fellow competitors, such as: - Who has the fastest fingers and the steadiest hands? - Who can withstand the pressure to perform under extreme stress? - Who will flamboyantly brag when the victory is theirs? - Who will reveal themselves as the sore losers that they truly are? Was your sports career ruined by an unfortunate knee accident? Gloat in your own competitive awesomeness! Enjoy being the best at something! Feel the rush of excitement as you set a new world record! Imagine yourself at the top of the podium! Remember that winning isn't everything, but winners have more fun! Check out for more info!
Lead. Fight. Win. Gain resources, build your own army to lead it into a battle! Create your own strategy, survive in difficult conditions and then break through enemy's close formation to ruin their castles and reach the sole leadership on the map. Do not forget about tactics when the fight is on! Good location and right formation will bring you an important victory, which immediately translates into an advantage for the whole war. Catch your enemies by surprise, until they take a position and build a shield wall, provoke them to mess up the ranks, surround them and destroy completely! Catch up with those who run away and kill them all, because if you do not, they will return back with a sword in a hand! Alternatively you can use your archers as your main power. While your strong infantry hold back the onslaught in a narrow passageway, a hail of arrows will turn the enemy hordes into heaps of corpses. Duco. Pugno. Vinco.
Furfly is a fascinating, black and white world you traverse as a furry fly, moving and flying through the swamp a place that is full with hostile things all around you. At first it feels like a classic 2D arcade game, but gradually it starts to become much more by creating an unique game that is transforming itself in a challenging adventure that gives you a sentiment of reward with each level you finish. Help the little furry friend to escape the evil swamp and get back to his world in the amazing and thrilling experience that is Furfly. But remember 'Don't Panic, Don't Die' , Let's go home Furfly. Features Beautifully crafted minimal 2D Game 100 challenging levels Great community
TimeTekker is a pure arcade shoot em' up where your actions control the speed of time! Utilize bullet deflection, ninja stars, and slow motion powers to outlast an infinite onslaught of bug creatures! Xbox controllers are supported during gameplay! This game is also completely free to own! Compete online against the world in a constant free for all score-fest! Earn divisional rankings for your progress against other players. Rank up your ninja from Styrofoam tier to Silver, Gold, and beyond, beating down the opposition with your superior scoring skills! Show off your mastery with newly added Steam Achievements! Multiple difficulty modes, ranging from balanced to absolutely impossible! From people new to shoot em' ups to the most hardcore veterans of the genre, TimeTekker has something for everybody. This game started as a prototype in Quinnipiac University's GDD Program, but after a year of development, it's become more than I ever imagined. I hope you enjoy this little homage to all the shoot em' up games that I grew up with. Happy scoring! - Ryan O'Hara, Artii Games LLC
Dive into an exciting, action-packed adventure and relive the incredible scenes from the Hollywood blockbuster 'Kick-Ass 2'. A ominous threat is hanging over New York City and only Kick-Ass can stop it. Fight countless hordes of enemies! Put on your mask, hone your weapons, and get ready to kick ass! Features Brutal attacks and devastating combos! Relive the film's best scenes! Experience an adventure in New York City!
Do you love games that provide true mental challenge? Rainbow Hero is a clever 2D puzzle game where levels may seem impossible at first glance but ingeniously simple when you've figured it out. The rules are simple yet each challenge will require thoughtful solutions. Best of all, Rainbow Hero lets you turn back time so you can never become stuck! Experiment and try new approaches to find your way through every level. Rainbow Hero combines multiple game mechanics such as: Travel on multi-directional platforms until they hit obstacles. Teleport characters or their items. Reflect the lasers off walls to clear the path. Control two characters simultaneously with added depth for puzzle solving. Unlock hidden passages, bounce balls, rotate parts of the world and a lot more!
FEATURES Simple Controls For Complex Movement Options Dunk on other players in fun gamemodes A Diverse And Powerful Soundtrack Player Customization Compete In Global Leaderboards Create Your Own Levels FAST-PACED AND AGGRESSIVE COMBAT Outmaneuver opponents as you wall run and slide behind them leaving them paralyzed after a devastating blow with a basketball to the head . FAST AND FLUID GAMEPLAY Grapple and swing around like crazy, kick doors and windows , run horizontally on any wall , slide under obstacles and use jump pads to launch yourself up in the air and hit top speed quickly.
This is a kinetic visual novel developed by SoftColors . Story After his mother was hospitalized for an unknown disease, Robin Liyun works as a part-time gondolier to make ends meet, but under an alias named Ciel. As he finishes giving tours one night, a mysterious voice lures him to discover a beautiful mermaid. She dives underwater shortly after their encounter, which leads him to believe Ancient Aquadine was real. His town was named after it out of respect for their sea deity Levios. Robin continues to live out his double life, while making new friends and learning more about the merfolk civilization. Characters
Chilie: The First Encounter is a brain training game that is completely crazy! This game is composed of short animated sequences, quick time events and mental calculations. It is mainly for kids. Story: Travelling through an imaginary China along with her guardian, a young girl named Chilie is searching for her missing mother. She is a funny little girl with red hair and an eccentric character, who loves red chilli-pepper and is very independent and strong-willed. Gameplay: Designed with soft visuals using cell-shading, you will follow the adventures of Chilie and her guardian, on the road again searching for clues. This interactive story will take you into their everyday life, full of comical situations, where you have to solve easy mental calculations to progress in the game.
More offensive than a Donald Trump presidency, funnier than a toddler walking into a plate glass window, and ruder than a Hard Brexit up your Theresa May... It's NotCoD: Call of Judy. From the acclaimed team behind NotGTAV comes this extremely British side-scrolling run and gun romp through the quaint country parish of St. Bumley on the Taint. An affectionate parody of the world famous Call of Duty games, NotCoD is crammed to the eyeballs with jokes, mini-games, jokes, achievements, stats, jokes, intel and Easter Eggs. And also there are jokes. All of the art is hand drawn, every sound effect made with just our voices, and we even did our own versions of Zombies and Online Multiplayer that unlock as you progress through the 3-4 hour single player campaign. NotCoD is fully controller compatible for that authentic 'console but better' PC experience and comes with more options than a Tax Return, and arguably less crying. WARNING: NotCoD has quite a lot of, shall we say, colourful language and adult themes. To be fair, there's an option to turn the swearing off, but it really doesn't make the game any less offensive. If anything, your brain tends to fill in the bleeps with something more disgusting than we originally wrote. Lovingly cartooned, bizarrely voiced and not one to play with your mum. Features: Hilariously Irreverent Campaign Mode Splitscreen Zombie Survival Mode Collectible Intel Trading Cards Full Controller Support Coming Eventually: Co-op Campaign Steam Stats and Leaderboards Multilanguage Support
Welcome to a new world! Take on the role of a hunter and slay ferocious monsters in a living, breathing ecosystem where you can use the landscape and its diverse inhabitants to get the upper hand. Hunt alone or in co-op with up to three other players, and use materials collected from fallen foes to craft new gear and take on even bigger, badder beasts! INTRODUCTION Overview Battle gigantic monsters in epic locales. As a hunter, you'll take on quests to hunt monsters in a variety of habitats. Take down these monsters and receive materials that you can use to create stronger weapons and armor in order to hunt even more dangerous monsters. In Monster Hunter: World, the latest installment in the series, you can enjoy the ultimate hunting experience, using everything at your disposal to hunt monsters in a new world teeming with surprises and excitement. Setting Once every decade, elder dragons trek across the sea to travel to the land known as the New World in a migration referred to as the Elder Crossing. To get to the bottom of this mysterious phenomenon, the Guild has formed the Research Commission, dispatching them in large fleets to the New World. As the Commission sends its Fifth Fleet in pursuit of the colossal elder dragon, Zorah Magdaros, one hunter is about to embark on a journey grander than anything they could have ever imagined. ECOSYSTEM A World That Breathes Life There are various locations teeming with wildlife. Expeditions into these locales are bound to turn up interesting discoveries. HUNTING A Diverse Arsenal, and an Indispensable Partner Your equipment will give you the power to need to carve out a place for yourself in the New World. The Hunter's Arsenal There are fourteen different weapons at the hunter's disposal, each with its own unique characteristics and attacks. Many hunters acquire proficiency in multiple types, while others prefer to attain mastery of one. Scoutflies Monster tracks, such as footprints and gashes, dot each locale. Your Scoutflies will remember the scent of a monster and guide you to other nearby tracks. And as you gather more tracks, the Scoutflies will give you even more information. Slinger The Slinger is an indispensable tool for a hunter, allowing you to arm yourself with stones and nuts that can be gathered from each locale. From diversion tactics to creating shortcuts, the Slinger has a variety of uses, and allows you to hunt in new and interesting ways. Specialized Tools Specialized tools activate powerful effects for a limited amount of time, and up to two can be equipped at a time. Simple to use, they can be selected and activated just like any other item you take out on a hunt. Palicoes Palicoes are hunters' reliable comrades out in the field, specialized in a variety of offensive, defensive, and restorative support abilities. The hunter's Palico joins the Fifth Fleet with pride, as much a bona fide member of the Commission as any other hunter.
Set sail across the Atlantic with your best friend, food. Food will keep you alive and food will keep you well- you get food by throwing harpoons at fish and turtles. Then one day BAM! The RNG screws you over and throws a pirate ship at you and you're forced to fight and defend your food! The next thing you know, Johnny Macguffin is dying from an infected battle wound and you're amputating his leg to save his life- then you realize everyone is starving because Marvin Buttercup ate all the food and you're out of harpoons, on a raft, 2,000 miles from land, and it's raining. The story is yours and unique every playthrough! The Exciting Stuff! 8-bit renditions of nautical shanties and folk songs! Online messages in bottles! Changing your flag to fool your enemies! A branching storyline for you to become a Pirate or Privateer! Liars Dice! Harpoon Fishing! Treacherous Reefs! Naval Skirmishes! 15 locations around the world to visit! 17 professions with unique perks to start with! 23 different ships to sail! An optional fantasy mode! Treasure Hunting! Sea Monsters! Barnacle Scraping! Hypnotic Water! Particle Effects! Dark Whimsy! Secrets and Easter eggs! Narwhal attacks! If you can think of it, I probably added it. Two massive expansions were developed and added for free! Route Planning - Plot your own course across the Atlantic and visit new locations! Complete! Fantasy Toggle - Fantastic legends of the sea, myths, monsters, and more brought to life! Complete!
A fusion of card-based programming and roguelikes. You will be dispatched on diverse missions across various planets. Each mission will require you to program your Mech accordingly in order to succeed. Will you be the pilot that masters their command line and restores peace to these planets? Key Features: Card-Based Programming: Expand your Mech's program each turn by slotting cards into its command line. Upgrades: Enhance your Mech with various upgrades which will alter your decisions in battle. Diverse missions: Experience new challenges each playthrough through different objectives, enemies and layouts. Unlock new Mechs: Unlock new Mechs with new cards. Master new playstyles. Flow: Choose a card to add to your command line Execute your command Line Enemies will be disrupting your plans Succesful mission? Buy upgrades Choose your next mission. Good luck out there pilot!
A vast open-world sandbox MMORPG with everything you can possibly imagine. On Nuia lives those in harmony with nature through their firm belief in the love of the Goddess Nui. On Harihara, those filled with the spirit of the Goddess labor to shape nature itself. These two continents are where our story begins. Cut across vast expanses of land on a horse or a snow lion. Board a ship and trade across the great and mighty ocean. Search far and wide for hidden treasures. There is a conspiracy that is lurking in the shadows of this world. Will you be the one to stop it from coming to fruition? Whether you are training your cannons on an enemy ship or bombarding enemy castle ramparts with a siege engine, you will be uncovering the secrets of the awakening lands, the Lost Continent, and its former denizens. So, revive the legacy of Delphinad, the greatest city ever to exist. Retrace the tracks left by the ancient heroes and gods who had no choice but to travel to the Lost Continent to destroy it. ArcheAge is home to six major races: the spiritual Nuians, secretive Elves, and crafty Dwarves share the western continent, while the nomadic Firran, cunning Harani, and fearsome Warborn inhabit the continent to the east. Explore 6 unique races with 364 possible class combinations built from 14 skillsets. Loose ties connect the neighboring races, but allegiances are fluid, forever complicated by the whims of pirate factions sailing, trading, and pillaging at will. Gliders, Mounts, Ships, and Trade Ride and glide on mounts to quickly explore the continent. Want to go up on top of mountain peaks? Try using Gliders. Want to explore other continents across the seas? Build ships and set sail. There are no limits to where you can go in ArcheAge. Walk on your feet, ride a donkey, or drive vehicles to explore and trade throughout the continents. Battle for you, your guild, and your faction In ArcheAge, you can battle on the ground, the seas, or even in the air. There are no limits. Defeat monsters with your unique set of skills, and conquer all sort of dungeons. You can also glide and fight in the air on your glider. Craft siege gear and use it to lead your side to victory in wars. Enter Auroria with your Guild, build castles, and push opposing factions away to expand your grounds. Craft various ships such as rowboats, battle clippers, and schooners to set sail on sea. Protect your schooner from pirates. There's also a chance you may run into Kraken, the hidden foe of the sea, so be on guard. Housing, Farming, Guild You'll always have some good neighbors around your home. Help each other build up the community and make your neighborhood flourish!
Help your grandfather solve the mystery of the stolen pets by solving puzzles in wonderful miniature worlds crafted from the ground up for VR. Every world is unique, full of interactions and colorful life . A Heart-Warming Tale Guided by the voice of your grandfather, travel back to the imaginative adventures of your childhood and the worlds you created together. Revisit a joyful past and the troubled relationship with your sister. You will come to realize things about yourself you forgot decades ago. Peaceful Puzzling Proceed through the game by solving light puzzles using your hands; Grip, push, drop and spin the numerous interactive elements in each world to trigger clues or to reveal the hidden pets. Every world is full of vibrant life. There are no time limits. Stay in a world until every puzzle is solved, or move on when you feel ready. Worlds of Hidden Wonder Peek behind a glowing volcano in the prehistoric setting, lean in to investigate your old summer cottage and comb through the bottom of an icy lake. Explore incredibly detailed and handcrafted worlds while enjoying gameplay tailor-made for VR.
Illumine is a roguelike. However, illumine's world is not a static procedurally generated place. In illumine the player interacts with the environment, triggering its dynamical transformation. Each situation then becomes a self-contained puzzle, which the player can approach from any angle and deal with however he wants, whether by stealth or by manipulating the AI. Not all inhabitants of this world are friendly. In order to progress, the player will not only have to keep his eyes open but he will also have to listen closely to his surroundings. As the soundtrack is generated in real-time by the various AI and gameplay elements in the player's vicinity, any change in the music will inform him of the dangers that might be lurking in the dark. The main character will eventually overcome these hurdles, if not in this life, then in a future reincarnation. As past lives will affect his future, how the main character interacts with others will shape his experience. It will ultimately be up to the player to find his purpose, be it his own personal development or others' well-being. a non-violent roguelike a non-tutorializing game a world created on the fly by your actions a game that encourages creative solutions such as stealth or AI manipulation a beautiful gameplay-driven soundtrack
DISCOVER A PURPOSE The Last Campfire is an adventure, a story of a lost ember trapped in a puzzling place, searching for meaning and a way home. ON A JOURNEY Travel deeper into the lands beyond the dark forest and overcome the adversities before you. UNCOVER A WORLD Discover beautiful wilderness filled with lost folk, strange creatures and mysterious ruins. LIGHT THE LAST CAMPFIRE Find hope and carry it with you on your Journey to light The Last Campfire. FROM A SMALL STUDIO A unique tale from Hello Games and the creative minds behind LostWinds.
Knights of Tartarus is a role-playing game where you enter the underworld to fight off a legendary order of knights and save the world. To have a chance, you will need monsters to teach you their spells, craft items, solve puzzles and even compete against your rival. FEATURES Explore an open world and travel into the magical monster dimension called Tartarus. You'll find many friends and not so friendly characters along the way. There are many regions each containing unique puzzles, treasures, and enemies. Fight against magic beasts to gain spells, crafting materials and gold. Each monster holds special and unique abilities which can be learned. Monsters also give you crafting materials for making equipment. Additionally, there are skill upgrades that can be gained by leveling up. These give you special perks like performing combo moves or becoming immune to paralysis, and much more. Great and varied soundtrack. Huge bosses that are difficult but fair. A cute dog.
Hacking. Dial tone. Cassette decks. Sabotage. Suitcase decks. Brainbox injectors. Quadrilateral Cowboy is a single-player adventure in a cyberpunk world. Tread lightly through security systems with your hacking deck and grey-market equipment. With top-of-the-line hardware like this, it means just one thing: you answer only to the highest bidder. The Standard Edition includes: Quadrilateral Cowboy. Developer Commentary. Reference Manual. The Deluxe Edition includes: Everything In the Standard Edition . Quadrilateral Cowboy interactive art book . PDFs for box art, poster, and papercraft characters.
Sokobond is an elegantly designed puzzle game about chemistry. It's logical, minimalist, and beautiful - crafted with love and science. Over 100 levels of molecule making mind-benders Featuring a gorgeous original soundtrack by Allison Walker No chemistry knowledge required Awards: IndieCade 2013 - Finalist PAX10 2013 - Finalist Official Indie Games Arcade selection - Eurogamer Expo 2012
Sneak into the pharaoh's pyramid and meet up with Assil and his crew of crazy friends. Just as the party starts to get hot, a silly accident turns life upside down! Unleashing a deadly curse and discovering a precious amulet, as Assil, you will be immersed in Ankh's amazing ancient world. From the narrow streets of Cairo's bazaar to the banks of the Nile. This comic adventure will have you running from a mad Osiris on your mission to meet the Pharaoh. - Over 45 comic characters - More than 80 awesome puzzles - State of the art 3D graphics - Breathtaking in-game cinematics - Dazzling egyptian landscapes
I dream of you and ice cream is a game about imperialism, the loss of identity and personal sacrifice. A sinister, doll-like entity has enslaved all mankind. Inside the complex where, every day, the entity questions world leaders about aspects of humanity - a potentially lethal process - an old scientist of unspecified gender is building a machine. Clinging to a few precious memories, with each passing day the scientist gathers components and toils on their obscure project, as the clock ticks relentlessly towards a horrifying climax. I dream of you and ice cream is a point-and-click adventure game with a very simple interface and an emphasis on puzzle solving. For every two puzzles solved, players are rewarded with a partial solution which can be used in another puzzle. There are no spoken lines or written dialogue in the game: Everything is communicated through speech bubbles, symbols and emotions.
Something Ate My Alien is a 2D, digging and puzzle platformer game where you take the role of the AI Antalasia, and control your little Alien blobs to explore the planets you visit! Your task is to dig through the ground of the different worlds and find all the items required by the pirate that is hijacking you. During the adventure on each planet you have to battle environmental dangers, fight off wildlife, solve secret puzzle chambers, and all this while surviving on a depleting oxygen supply and a threat far scarier than the local wildlife. Key Features Dig through the depths of 4 different planets and collect as much loot as possible. Solve puzzle chambers by pushing and pulling blocks to reveal secret treasures. Survive by finding oxygen recharge stations and dodging environmental obstacles. Fight the hostile flora and fauna with your choice of 6 specialized weapons. Upgrade and build your equipment by collecting items and energy. Find hidden relics and collect achievements. Engage in bigger battles with the scary huge threats guarding the hidden secrets. DIG Guide the Aliens to find all the resources the pirate demands, and any additional items you find you can use to build upgrades. Some planets are rich in gems, others in specific minerals, fossils, artefacts or gases. Collect as much as you can! SOLVE PUZZLES Each planet has an array of puzzle chambers that once solved reveals hidden treasures. Pull and push the blocks into the correct positions to get the tokens containing parts of the code you need to unlock new places and move your adventure forward. SURVIVE Your Aliens need to survive in the perilous environments while digging and exploring. Find oxygen recharge stations and beware of pools of corrosive, super heated or poisonous substances, falling rocks, slippery ice, toxic gases and open flames. FIGHT There are 6 unique weapons all with different mechanics to defend yourself against the abundant flora and fauna. Look out for charging animals, flying creatures, armoured beasts and be careful walking underneath hanging fungi. UPGRADE Use the items the pirate doesn't want to build new upgrades for the Aliens. What should you pick? Faster mining? Better guns? Bigger oxygen tanks? Longer lasting jet packs? Or perhaps something else to aid your Aliens while exploring the caves? THE BIGGER THREAT The same alien race that left behind a maze of locked teleporters and the hidden codes to unlock them also left behind something very dangerous to guard it all, a fail safe. This looming threat is continuous and the more chests you unlock, the more unsettling the threat becomes...
ASSASSINATION STATION is a dastardly difficult stealth pixel shooter featuring procedurally generated levels, a sky-high skill ceiling, competitive scoring system, and frenetic, smoke-smooth gameplay. A WEALTH OF STEALTHIFICATION With simple core mechanics that are easy to learn and difficult to master, ASSASSINATION STATION allows each player to move with freedom and personality, combining the powers of click-based teleportation and quick key-to-leg control. Avoid cleverly placed traps, sneak behind goblin hordes to slay with surprise, and embody the efficient pixelized killer. PROCEDURAL GENERATION STATION Discover chests, uncover secrets, and puzzlemurder through dynamic, shifting level structures crawling with ruthless foes. The forests of ASSASSINATION STATION are homegrown to guarantee quick, brutal, and unforgivingly chewy challengebites, each and every time. CENTRALIZED, GLOBALIZED LEADERBOARDS Compete against the world with in-game Steam leaderboard functionality! ASSASSINATION STATION 's intricate and balanced scoring system provides a competitive environment to one-up your friends from across the street, or strangers from around the globe, and prove that you are the number one assassin.
This is a retro style nostalgic game! It's not just a throwback to the past: it mixes the best of the past with the best of the present! Differently than old games, MacShot has new elements like shooting with the mouse cursor. It's an action-adventure game, in which you will be jumping platforms, dodging ghosts, finding hidden items, shooting ghosts and solving riddles! It has magic, shots, hearts, lives, flight and more! Easy to learn, it is great for kids! It's fun as retro games and complete as today's games! It's simple and fun, you won't have a headache playing it! 24 stages in pro mode! Contains the full MacShot game!
At the heart of our Galaxy, an advanced civilization of which we know nothing had built the biggest, most beautiful starship ever, the Starship Titanic. Majestic and luxurious, its interior resembles a mixture of the Ritz, the Chrysler building, Tutankhamen's tomb and Venice. Starship Titanic is a technological marvel. And it cannot possibly go wrong. In theory. Seconds into its maiden voyage it crashes into hyperspace, vanishes... and collides with your house. Bewildered, you find your way aboard, and just as you are gazing at its awe-inspiring interior, the ship takes off again and heads deep into space. You are stranded. But you are not alone... The ship is inhabited by a crew of malfunctioning robots and a semi-deranged parrot. You discover that you can communicate with them, a feat that is made possible by SpookiTalk, the games proprietary interactive language engine. You can chat with any of the robot characters-Fentible the distinguished Doorbot, Nobby the hypochondriac Liftbot, or Fortilian Bantoburn O'Perfluous the outrageously convivial Barbot. Talk to them, interrogate them. Give them orders. They will listen to you, answer you and, if they happen to feel like it, obey you. Sometimes. To begin with you are a third-class passenger, and you quickly find yourself in the grip of one of the most powerful forces known to man-the desire for a free upgrade. As you move up to second and, at last, to first class, more and more of the ship becomes accessible to you, and more and more of its mysteries are revealed. What has happened here? What terrible events occurred the night before the launch? Who is the mysterious Titania whose brooding statues dominate the ship? Can you solve a series of increasingly bizarre and surreal puzzles., unlock the central mystery and return to Earth before the parrot drives you finally and irrevocably mad? Features- All original interactive characters and game design by Douglas Adams, creator of The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. Stunning cinematic interiors from the Oscar-winning team of Oscar Chichoni and Isabel Malina. SpookiTalk - next generation conversation engine.
Explore a stunning variety of puzzles involving action, strategy and flow. Enjoy the physics-driven gameplay under the soothing soundtrack of L'autre Endroit by Silence. Whether you like a good challenge or prefer an endless, zen-inducing experience then Super Chains has you covered! Challenge your friends' scores and try your hand at achievements mastery. Think you are skilled enough to tackle the leaderboards? It's not going to be easy since each puzzle gets progressively harder the longer you play. Support one of the first indie puzzle games on Steam, enjoyed by hundreds of thousands of players for over a decade. 2dengine presents the sequel and long awaited follow-up to the original puzzle game Chains .
Bouncing Hero is an extreme auto-jump platformer. Use your skills to control the knight on his pogo stick and avoid the sophisticated traps to conquer the castle! In the wicked witch's 13-story castle the rooms randomly change every time you enter them. Statues possessed by evil spirits threaten all those who intrude in this haunted castle. Could you be the chosen one who can defeat the witch and conquer this castle?
The Dwarf Run is an old-fashioned RPG with elements of point-n-click adventure. The story tells of an expedition to the ancient underworld temple undertaken by young dwarf Dalain Stonecruncher with party of friends and numerous adventures that followed. Dalain, Zenn, Ionor, and Barbados are about to meet the strangest beings, join the rebellion, investigate conspiracies, defeat the most powerful of demons, become champions of the arena, and even travel into space. The Game Features Linear story line full of humor and unexpected twists and turns Manual and automatic control of turn-based battles Original rule set that makes leveling a challenging and interesting task Point-n-click adventuring with light inventory-based puzzles Choice of cinematic, top-down and third person views Range of individually balanced difficulty modes 15 hours of game play, 100 enemy types, 140 unique items, and one ending And there is no Cutting edge bloomy graphics Scaling of enemy levels Abstract puzzle solving Level cap
Fly above beautifully designed mountains all the way to take your friend back to you. With a focus on the beauty of the levels, an inspiring original soundtrack, and a short story that involves the player, Sky Journey - Jigsaw Landscapes, takes you on a relaxing and surprising experience, with : Gorgeus scenes of Jigsaw Puzzles. A beautiful Story about recovering a friendship. A Unique New mechanic that takes you into the scene after each puzzle. For Jigsaw Puzzle lovers, this game has the best of its genre : Complete 6 Jigsaw Puzzle scenes at 5 levels of dificulty. Enjoy a minimalist interface that helps you focus on the puzzle. Use great gameplay functions that make the experience even better. Relax with an original Soundtrack for each level! For any players who enjoy a beautiful experience, the game has an Unique innovation of its genre: With each puzzle assembled, the player is taken to a live scene in 2.5D, where it is possible to discover more about the story behind the game, in addition to finding more achievements from Steam. At the end of the game, you will have followed a little boy's little journey flying through beautiful landscapes in search of his lost robotic friend! Story : In the year 2086, the planet earth is no longer the same. Our little boy, Akil, lives alone on a mountain that makes a laboratory, where, together with his robotic friend Buddy, they build flying suits to fly over the landscapes. But accidentally, his robotic friend is lost in a very distant place, and the only thing Akil knows, is his direction, thanks to the laser beacon they created. Follow Akil's journey flying across landscapes until he finds his friend and brings him back! Can you put them back together? Key Features : Zoom Highlight edges pieces Preview scene Change Background Shuffle pieces Focus Mode Auto Save the Puzzles
Aegis is a 2D mech action shooter where you play as the last defender for a small settlement. Through exploring the frozen wasteland, you will gather vital resources to help your people build the Atmospheric Cleansing Unit, battle hostile scavengers, and find new parts to upgrade your ATEX Battlesuit. Modular Mechs - Customize your ATEX Battlesuit to fit your playstyle. Diversely Equipped Enemies - You're not the only one with the ability to customize. Scavenging - Venture out to find resources and parts for the Atmospheric Cleansing Unit that is being constructed by your settlement. Assault Bases - Find essential construction parts, rare items, and powerful weaponry by attacking enemy bases. Armour Penetration System - Watch as low powered weaponry bounces off your thick armour harmlessly. Diverse Item Selection - Many different items and weapons drastically change the performance of your ATEX Battlesuit. Soundtrack composed by Jim Hall.
Set in a creepy amusement park hiding a dark and sinister secret, The Park is a one to two hour-long first-person psychological horror experience focusing on intense storytelling and exploration instead of combat and action. A day at the park... a lost teddy bear... a missing child. As the sun sets over Atlantic Island Park, you must explore its dilapidated rides in search of your son, Callum. As darkness falls, you will experience panic and paranoia through a narrative written by a team of award-winning storytellers. Amusement parks are happy places, filled with the joys of childhood and the exhilarating rush of fantastic rides to be dared. That was the vision of eccentric business man Nathaniel Winter when he opened the doors to Atlantic Island Park in 1977. Unfortunately, the park's history turned out to be one plagued by tragedy and drama. Its freak accidents, grotesque killings and ghostly hauntings have inspired many a sensational headline, and locals worry the park is far from done claiming innocent lives. For Lorraine, it's where her worst nightmare began. WARNING: This experience deals with subject matter that might prove emotionally distressing to some. Player discretion is advised. Explore Atlantic Island Park and step onto rides such as the Ferris Wheel, the Bumper Cars and the Rollercoaster; just beware, some of them have a life of their own Enter the mind of Lorraine, a woman facing every parent's worst nightmare, and unravel her story as well as the dark and tragic history of the park
This is a simple game with easy control. You drive the Hovercraft. When you collide with objects, the round of the game ends. The energy reserve is constantly decreasing and when it runs out the round of the game ends. You can accumulate energy by collecting energy spheres. Keep the maximum speed to get bonus scores. Use a hyper jump in a difficult situation, but remember, it's using energy. There are 3 types of infinitely generating maps: Lava, Winter, Desert. Collect the maximum scores per round. Compete against other players in the Global Leaderboard. Endlessness is a simple game made by one person for a rest from big and complex games. Please think about that before buying. Controls: movement - AWSD or arrows jump - Space sorry for my English.
Wintermoor Tactics Club is a story about surviving high school, with gameplay inspired by tactics RPGs and visual novels. It was hard enough for Alicia at the famed Wintermoor Academy before it erupted into a snowball war! Now her club's only hope is to transform from nerdy nobodies into fantasy heroes. Unravel a reality-bending mystery. Test your strategic mettle against an avalanche of colorful characters. And don't forget to make friends! Features Unlock your Potential : Discover the power of 7 playable characters and dozens of unlockable upgrades across more than 40 battles. Explore the School : Get to know Wintermoor in visual novel-inspired gameplay. Break down the walls between high school cliques such as the Psychic Detectives and Young Monarchists. Make New Friends : Write tabletop campaigns to help students overcome their personal problems, and discover their fantasy selves as your club grows.
In Castle Flipper you have the unique opportunity to become a medieval builder. Build your own kingdom and customize it to your liking. You start on your own inherited piece of land. Work as a craftsman to clean, repair, build and decorate medieval, renaissance and baroque buildings and castles. Visit beautiful locations, breathe new life into old rooms and as you know - hard work pays off - so maybe one day you will become the King? Explore new locations Do you want to see what the castle chambers look like in different locations? By completing quests you will have the opportunity to visit many beautiful lands where in addition to castles you will have the opportunity to clean, clean, build, renovate, repair and decorate sheds, barns, huts, houses, mansions, palaces and even pirate ships! Become a designer! Design the surroundings of the castle. Choose and plant trees in the courtyard, place animals in the crofts. Choose the shapes and designs of flags and pennants. Destroy the walls! Don't like what you've already managed to build? Don't worry! Destroy the walls and start over! Manage reconstruction! It takes a lot of effort to rebuild a conquered castle. Repair shattered walls, bridges or towers. You will have to put a lot of work into the reconstruction of the conquered castle. The game takes place at the turn of the 16th and 17th centuries, so in addition to the usual Medieval buildings, you will also find some Baroque and Renaissance elements that add variety to the gameplay and give you more options for interior decoration.
Sym is a puzzle-platformer that explores social anxiety disorder. Play as Josh, a teenage boy trying to reconcile a maze of two contrasting worlds that coexist within the blank spaces of each other - his perception of reality, and the world he created to avoid his fears. Josh exists in these worlds as alter egos, Caleb and Ammiel. Caleb lives only in the white world, on the fringe of reality. He wants to overcome his fears. Ammiel resides in the darkness; he wants only to be alone and completely detached from human contact. Take control of these egos and flip between both realms to solve problems and traverse obstacles. Learn to utilize both distinct spaces, to avoid obstacles and find a path to safety. Explore 44 challenging levels of logic puzzles, platforming and mazes. Switch between worlds of light and darkness to overcome obstacles and find the way forward. Create and share new levels easily with the level editor. A Shared World allows players to connect the doorways in their creations to the levels built by others.
Armageddon. Apocalypse. The end of days. Mayan prophecy foretells the beginning of a new world age on December 21, 2012 when the road to the stars will descend from the sky and civilization as we know it will come to a tumultuous end. That date has arrived and with it the awakening of a most formidable enemy. Galactic alignment has enabled an artifact which opened a portal allowing villainous Gods access to our universe. Fate has chosen 4 characters to teleport through this portal into another dimension and battle against all odds to rescue mankind from destruction and enslavement. Using teamwork and strategy, can the four heroes save humanity by defeating these evil foes? In Revelations 2012 players progress through an alternate dimension in a sweltering jungle environment heavily influenced by ancient Mayan culture. First-person shooter action is combined with puzzle solving requiring methodical yet quick-thinking team play in a captivating campaign that can be played with up to four players in co-op mode. Players navigate their way through this perilous maze in 15 different maps gathering 'suki-tok' to advance themselves all the while fighting hordes of demonic minions. At the end of each level, the characters are faced with their greatest challenge yet, the Gods themselves!!! As each God is defeated players acquire a crystal to increase the capability of their weapon. Players must use each successive crystal in the next trial that awaits them. Gather all the crystals and overpower the Gods to be victorious in this epic journey. In addition, multi-player modes let you compete four-on-four with friends playing as either heroes or demons in stasis tag or team death match. Revelations 2012 also boasts the premiere of battlegrounds multi-player maps. This unique mode allows unit selection mind control in a 4 vs. 4 setting to advance in force upon your opponent and infiltrate the enemy base to destroy their boss. Key Features: FPS 4 player co-op Epic boss fights Hordes of powerful minions 4 vs 4 multi-player game play with an all new battlegrounds mode Modular alien weapon system Teamwork strategy to solve puzzles Old world Mayan city setting Use of AI director for unique game experiences Matchmaking, stats, rankings, and awards systems Powered by Source and Steam
Firewood is a 2D adventure game with psychological horror elements. The game tells the story of an old man who has lost his wife years ago and is still having troubles with his past. After his wife's funeral, he decides to move to a cabin far away from town in order to escape from the haunting memories of the past and his country's opressive regime. Yet one day, events take an unexpected turn and he finds himself in a dark journey. Will he be able to find the redemption he seeks? -Side scrolling 2D adventure game with hand drawn graphics. -Grim and atmospheric music. -A twisting story. Firewood is our first project and it took us five months to complete. We created everything from scratch. Graphics, music and all. Thanks!
Explore the ancient, mysterious world of Journey as you soar above ruins and glide across sands to discover its secrets. Play alone or in the company of a fellow traveler and explore its vast world together. Featuring stunning visuals and a Grammy-nominated musical score, Journey delivers a breathtaking experience like no other.
As the city burns and the countryside is engulfed by the epidemic, the living are increasingly alone and forced to live with this new reality. Monstrous beasts and disfigured remnants roam freely with their numbers increasing rapidly, slaughtering everything in their path. In the opening chapter, Lydia finds herself separated from her fellow survivors and all alone. After fleeing into a large manor estate to escape the relentless horde, her only goal now is survival. She must explore the manor, locate supplies and find a way to wake from this nightmare. But somehow... she knows her fate is already sealed. Outbreak: The Nightmare Chronicles is an episodic unforgiving survival horror experience that takes place within the Outbreak universe. Death lurks behind each door as you fight to survive with the limited supplies at your disposal. Search rooms thoroughly and make the right choice when to fight - or flee - from the monstrosities. Featuring classic hardcore survival horror gameplay in a directed single-player experience, you'll need to stay on your toes to stay alive. You have a limited inventory and you'll need to leverage supply caches to store your equipment for use later. Saving your game is also highly restrictive and you'll need to locate the means to record your progress as you explore. Lydia's adventure is just the beginning... can you survive the chronicles and determine the fate of the other survivors? Episodic: Four episodes of survival horror. Buy only what you want to play. Story Mode: Survive through a classic single-player survival horror experience. Battle Mode: Tough as nails action mode where you scrounge and fight to reach the exit. Cinematic: Experience your last moments through fixed cameras and beautiful environments. Explore: Search rooms and read logs to find keys and solve puzzles to survive. Fight or Flee: Engage threats directly or run away to safety in another room. Classic: True hardcore classic survival horror with a limited inventory and deadly foes. Progress: Saving is limited and restricted. Find floppy disks to record your progress. Storage: Manage your limited inventory by finding and storing items in caches. Difficult: Play across multiple difficulty modes, including the one hit kill Nightmares mode. Defense: Utilize numerous firearms and melee weapons against the undead. Alone: Play solo even without an internet connection. Controller: Customizable gamepad, mouse and keyboard controls. Note: Base game includes the Story and Battle Mode content for chapter one and is required to play subsequent chapter DLC.
Just SLICE THE ICE in this adorable physics-heavy puzzle adventure. Slice the ice, collect the ducks and acorns, and take the help of various objects and animals to guide the yellow rubber ducks to Scrappy in this vibrant, brain-teasing and adorable physics-based adventure! A plane has just crashed under mysterious circumstances somewhere in the Arctic. Fully loaded with yellow rubber ducks! The event has been noted by Scrappy, a bored-to-death blue polar weasel. In an heroic act he decides to rescue the poor ducks. This game is about his mission. And all he needs from you is an extremely simple favor - just SLICE the ICE ! Take Scrappy on this puzzling journey across snowy terrains, grasslands and underwater reefs spanning 5 WORLDS and 100 LEVELS! Experience a slice of all these amazing features: Innovative Gameplay Mechanics Realistic, Fluid Physics Rich HD Graphics Steam Leaderboards and Achievements Steam Cloud Save
Each move spend energy! Plan your movements and reach the recharges points to don' t be without energy! Destroy alien enemies on the way! Watch your steps, avoid electric fields! Use alien teleports to proceed! Some floors are slippery, plan accordingly! Features: Grid movement. Minimalist graphics. Explore 63 handcrafted levels to find the lost astronauts. Find hidden astronauts and hidden achievements. Different Endings. Enjoy futuristic sci-fi music.
System Crash is a story-driven cyberpunk collectible card game inspired by Blade Runner and Neuromancer . When corporations own everything and the line between man and machine is blurred, your only option is to fight to survive! Choose your Runner persona, build your deck, and challenge the Megacorps on their own turf! Features: - Face challenging opponents from corporate security forces and automated defense systems to street gangs and bounty hunters. - Cunning AI will probe your weaknesses and test your strategy. - Recruit agents and equip them with Black Market weapons and cybernetics. Experiment to discover powerful combos. - Build your deck from more than 100 exciting cards to choose from. - Play through an exciting story campaign. From the streets of San Angeles 2150 to the towering corporate arcologies. - Interact with cunning hackers, ruthless mercenaries, scheming executives and deadly assassins. When everyone has a price, who can you trust? Note - System Crash follows the 'Living Card Game' model. There are no microtransactions or random booster packs, no F2P grinding mechanics. When you purchase the base game, all cards in the base set are included and can be unlocked via gameplay. When expansions are released, the same principle applies, you'll get all expansion cards with that expansion, as a once-off purchase.
A rogue-like deck-building game with table top battles! Choose a hero and allegiance then dive into the dungeon and build your deck as you battle! DungeonTop is a fresh new take on the roguelike deckbuilding genre, bringing a flavour of tight table top battles into the mix. Employ clever board tactics to gain advantage such as range, flanking, tanking and rushing. A balance of risk to reward greets you both in an out of battle. Progression in DungeonTop could mean two things, grabbing more gold, or defeating more monsters! Play it your way. Will you build for cunning, speed, or power? Your choices in the dungeon directly influence your chance of survival! There are shops to upgrade your cards along with ways to remove them and plenty of loot to add. Adventuring in the dungeon allows you to level your hero, find powerful weapons to equip, artifacts to use and talents to master. Build your unique fantasy hero by making careful choices on what to learn, what to discard and who to fight. The choice of hero class will affect your play style and spells, whilst the allegiance you choose affects what minions you'll have to fight with. There are scores of achievements, treasures to find, gold to gather and more than 800 powerful cards to unlock. As the third instalment in the Spellsword Cards universe, DungeonTop will have you exploring a plethora of deck-building options for hours on end, continually finding new inventive ways to succeed on and off the board!
VRQB is the definitive arcade VR football experience. You are the quarterback, driving down the field while racking up as many points as possible. Experience the excitement of classic arcade football from the quarterback's perspective! Players can choose from five different footballs that each offer their own unique play style. VRQB currently features three game modes with three different difficulty levels: Classic , Two Minute Drill , and Scramble . Classic In Classic mode, the player drives down the field by hitting groups of three targets spread out across the field. Clearing each set of targets gives the player a first down, enabling the player to move down the field. The player tries to reach the end zone while increasing their multiplier by hitting consecutive targets. Two Minute Drill In the Two Minute Drill, the player has two minutes to score as many points as possible. The player has the option of hitting three different targets, moving to the location of the target hit. Players must weigh hitting the closer, reliable targets to build up a streak multiplier, or airing it down the field and going for the big gain. Scramble In Scramble mode, the player dodges the VRQB tackling dummies while trying to score as many touchdowns as possible. Be careful, as after each touchdown scored, the dummies will increase their speed and spawn rate. You can be tackled three times before your round is over, so don't give up after taking your first hit! Try to beat your own scores on the local leaderboard, or try to be the top in world on the online leaderboard!
Paulette Williams, age 62, has been killed. There are only two possible suspects. In this real-time, police interrogation simulator, you take on the role of the lead detective in the observation room. You must guide your partner to uncover the truth. Through the use of real-time suspect interviews, video playback, case files, and your own wits, you must make critical decisions that will shape the course of this investigation. Put your detective skills to work, as you attempt to seek justice and bring this case to a close. FEATURES Watch real-time FMV police interviews of suspects. Carefully observe each suspect to gain valuable insight. Replay and review interview files as needed. Make key decisions that guide the interrogation process. Justice lies in your hands. Should an arrest be made? If so, who do you charge? Replay to unlock multiple endings and alternate interview clips.
Welcome to HorrorVale! Your next door neighbors are zombies, reanimated monsters deliver the mail and ghosts hide out in your bathroom. Join Alice as she journeys through the underworld on a quest to save her zombie Dog, Scruffy from strange and unusual monsters that have suddenly invaded the once peaceful town of HorrorVale. Don't worry about anybody you kill along the way, everyone is already dead! HorrorVale is a traditional RPG adventure game inspired by horror, full of unexpected twists and turns. Strategic turn-based combat, with 30 different party members to recruit. Huge cast of spooky characters to both battle and befriend. Exciting story spanning four unique acts. Uncover the secrets of the underworld! More groan-inducing horror puns than you can handle. Original soundtrack that immerses you in each and every scenario.
You take on the role of a restaurant owner who just happens to be the Don of a mafia group. You will be giving orders to your gangsters, robbing people and collecting debts, stealing valuables and intimidating cops. However, you will also have to manage your restaurant - hire staff, advertise and try to avoid random events that will interfere with your operations. Will you be able to maintain balance between your businesses? How long will you last? Your restaurant will expand and improve. Buy extra tables to seat everyone who wants to visit your establishment. Advertise to increase popularity and invite as many people to your place as possible. But remember, the more people your restaurant attracts, the more staff will have to be hired to serve them. Most of your subordinates will be Gangsters. Send them on a variety of criminal activities. Rob banks, beat money out of debtors, intimidate cops and take control over the city streets Be careful when discarding cards. Some of them are marked with a little bell. When such cards appear in your hand, the events get added up to the matching bell's progress bar. Once an event is triggered, it will seriously affect your business. You will be laundering money you get from criminal activities through the restaurant. The richer you are, the more the police will be interested in your business. Once the police concern is maxed out, you will be arrested.
Survive the Particle Accelerator facility, where reality has shifted. You are alone, stranded, melancholic, except for a ghostly Being that has entered your universe. It has one goal only...to hunt down and terminate you. Make your way through the futuristic Science facility solving puzzles whilst trying to evade this predator.
Do you like automation games? Then you are in the right place! shapez is a relaxed game in which you have to build factories for the automated production of geometric shapes. As the level increases, the shapes become more and more complex, and you have to spread out on the infinite map. And as if that wasn't enough, you also have to produce exponentially more to satisfy the demands - the only thing that helps is scaling! While you only have to process shapes at the beginning, you will later have to color them - by extracting and mixing colors! Buying the game on Steam gives you access to the full version, but you can also play the steam demo first and decide later! What people say about shapez This game is great - I'm having a wonderful time playing, and time has flown by. - Northernlion, YouTuber I really should sleep, but I think I just figured out how to make a computer in shapez - Notch, Creator of Minecraft This game has stolen my life and I don't want it back. Very chill factory game that won't let me stop making my lines more efficient. - Steam User
Shadow Tactics is a hardcore tactical stealth game set in Japan around the Edo period. Take control of a team of deadly specialists and sneak in the shadows between dozens of enemies. Choose your approach when infiltrating mighty castles, snowy mountain monasteries or hidden forest camps. Set traps, poison your opponents or completely avoid enemy contact. The group is composed of very different personalities. Working together as a team seems impossible at first. Yet over the course of many missions, trust is won and friendships are made. The characters develop their own dynamic and each member will have to face their own personal demons. One of the leaders of this team is Hayato, an agile ninja, who clears the way through his enemies silently, with his sword and shuriken. Samurai Mugen prefers a more powerful approach and can defeat more fiends at one time, but thus also forfeiting flexibility. Aiko is a master of camouflage when she distracts enemies disguised as a Geisha. And the street child Yuki places traps and decoys enemies towards their deadly fate. The mysterious marksman Takuma however, relies on his sniper rifle and takes care of the enemies from a distance. The player has to carefully evaluate his options in order to master the challenging missions: how will the characters behave as a team? Which one is best equipped for each task? How can they best master the given missions? Come up with your own ingenious tactics to vanquish enemies and complete missions. Play as five completely different characters with their unique skill set Conquer seemingly impossible challenges where you are outnumbered ten to one Find dozens of ways to take out your opponents the way you want Jump from roof to roof and climb large buildings to attack the enemy from above Explore beautiful environments of ancient Japan in the Edo era Choose from three difficulty levels to match your skill
Ever wondered what life is like for a merchant in a role-playing game? Wonder no more! Experience life behind the counter in RPG Merchant, a VR game that lets you serve customers and face unexpected challenges with the help of a mysterious wizard. Features: - Run a store that sells weapons, potions, equipment and more! - Defend against thieves and muggers - Progress through increasingly difficult Story levels and Challenge Modes - Take on Endless Mode to see how long you can last! NOTE: VR headset required!
'I'm sorry.. I just need to know who you are...' Princess Rosavel is on a deep space mission in search of...something...If only she could properly remember why she's brought herself to the Phantom Prism in the deepest part of space. With her loyal servant and friend Miel joining her in this voyage across the stars, can she come to understand these shades of memories and inexplicable heartache? This unique 'Sleeping Beauty' inspired visual novel will take you on a remarkable, heart-felt journey full of mystery, intrigue, and romance. A mysterious romance full of heartbreak, betrayal, and the search for the truth. 2 potential love interests. Full English voice acting. 9 illustrated CGs to collect in the gallery. An enchanting 11,700 word tale. 5 possible outcomes and different variations depending on your choices.
Gathering Sky is a playful, beautiful experience about a flock of birds on a journey across the sky. It starts with a single bird. Use your mouse to steer and grow your flock or let your birds find their own way. Dance in the winds of a far-away world and create an emotional story without words. The world is brought to life by an original score by Dren McDonald performed by the San Francisco Conservatory of Music. Gathering Sky is enjoyable with any skill level and can be finished in under an hour. Fly with us. -sky.com
Tired of these sluggish, scripted modern football games? Still like some physics momentum in your retro footy game? Search no longer! Ballsy! offers that fluent feel for flowing football fans. The European football, that is, so, not handegg. Though truth be told, the term 'soccer' was actually invented by the English, so it doesn't deserve all the hate it gets. It doesn't matter. Ballsy! isn't even a soccer game, since there's no referee, no sidelines, no offsides.. this sports is called Ballsy! I totally didn't come up with that to evade legal problems with some association football organization at all, of course. Play a single game against the CPU, go for the World Cup, or take on your friends with the local multiplayer options: up to 4 player VS and COOP play! FAQ: Q: Do I need a gamepad to play? A: No, but it is recommended, just feels better! Q: Will there be a console version? A: Probably not, unless the game is really really successful, and probably not even then. Q: Will there by online multiplayer? A: No. Q: Will there be more Ballsy! games? A: Probably yes!
Beyond space, beyond reason... beyond humanity. Venture into the unknown depths of the universe and discover a gripping tale of a dystopian future that calls your very existence into question. Narrated by David Hewlett, star of Stargate , Rise of the Planet of the Apes and the Academy Award-winning The Shape Of Water. The Alpha Device is a narrative experience focusing on story rather than puzzles or combat. Here, the story is all. You can discover each part of the story at your own pace, but the game is designed to be completed in one sitting - there is no save function and your progress will not be stored if you decide to stop playing. Once you start the game, you're totally on your own. There's no main menu, no guidance, no tutorial. Just head towards the green light when you're ready to proceed...
Sign In again. Remember a time before Facebook and Skype? When Windows XP was the next big thing and AIM was king. Relive that era with Emily is Away. Create a screenname and browse buddy infos in this chat-bot meets adventure game. Explore your relationship with Emily, a fellow high school student, in a branching narrative where you choose the outcome. And most importantly, change your text color to lime green so people know you're the coolest kid in school. Features Buddy icons, profiles and away messages. A dialogue decision-based branching narrative. Over an hour of nostalgia-inducing gameplay. Five chapters spanning five years of the main characters life. Computer sounds you hoped to never hear again!
EGEA Game presents GRAND FATHER ISLAND with particular attention to artistic direction and emotional storytelling. An adventure in the heart of the mountains, a journey that addresses the protection of nature and the relationship of man with, the relationships of couples, the principles of our daily life and why we are here ... A tribute to love and peace in a poetic tale on a magical island to pay a final tribute to a loved one. Wait no longer, an extraordinary journey awaits you! for fans of atmospheric walking simulator such as shelter, journey, What Remains of Edith Finch etc Functionality: A story full of poetry. Varied environment. different puzzles A graphic style with the grain of a 16:9 camera approaching the animation film. a large map without loading. A touch of platform. A relaxing Adventure.
Not Heaven is an interactive world built as a platform for Wealthy Relative's 6 song rap EP with the same title. The game experience contains 6 music videos, multiple art galleries, god-like abilities, and more. It is a short third-person experience that allows the player to explore the world, paint the walls, and observe the artwork and videos. Not Heaven is the first Rap record to be released as a video game. 'i hope you like my game, please play it' - Wealthy Relative
Hello, I am a personal developer who develops the games I want to achieve by continually learning programming knowledge. When I noticed that there were many games of infinite flight type, I suddenly thought: 'Hey! This type of game is very suitable for Cyberpunk!' So this game was born. In 'Cyber Driver' you will play as a taxi driver, flying and picking up guests in an infinite city full of cyber atmosphere. Please expect 'Cyber Driver' to be a small, cyber-style arcade flight game that can switch from the first person perspective. It's fast, easy, tight, and repeatable, with elements of collection and challenges. Your only goal in the game is to constantly break the scores you have created before in the unique cyber atmosphere. I am very grateful for the feedback and bug report. Thank you for taking a moment to read this, I really hope you enjoy this game. The taxi will always drive forward automatically, and the player controls the taxi to shuttle through the full 3D cyber city to pick up and drop off passengers. Collect as much as possible of soda water, holographic billboards and other reward items, while preventing cars from colliding with buildings. Free or timed switching of the first and third person perspectives. Earn higher points and unlock new car paints. Immersive 3D sound. An arcade-style casual game full of cyberpunk atmosphere. Easy to learn and smooth game control experience, you can choose to control with keyboard or gamepad. The rhythm of the game is fast, and the constant challenge of past scores in the cyber world is addictive. Unlock more car paints. Let your high scores pay off in appearance. Endless play mode, only you can stop yourself from playing. Steam achievements, leaderboard support! Steam cloud support, unlocked spacecraft, special effects badges will not be lost. Now available in Chinese, English, Russian, German, French, Portuguese, Spanish, Polish and Korean. Provides free and timed modes to provide a shortcut for technical players seeking high scores.
Take part in a difficult 2D Metroidvania adventure where you will fight through the Manor and surrounding areas to find the source of fog consuming the world. Collect weapons, relics, and experience to upgrade your character to fight, or avoid, the hordes of monsters sent out by the scientist. This challenging game requires fast reflexes and mastery of the character movement system to complete your quest. - 2D Metroidvania with an emphasis on platforming - 40 Weapons to use - 35 Relics to collect - 40 Enemies to defeat - Unlockable variation modes - Lots of secrets - Big game world to explore - High level of mastery required Controller recommended
Dinner with an Owl is a short classical point and click adventure. Explore the sinister mansion of your eccentric owl-like host, who holds his involuntary guests under a puzzling spell. Can you help them escape this nightmare? Then brace yourselves for some serious surprises! This is the enhanced 'Dessert Edition' of Dinner with an Owl, featuring: Full professional voice acting Eerie original soundtrack Twisted, looping storyline Classic point and click adventure gameplay Talk to weird characters in multiple choice dialogues Solve the mystery of the owl, to finally escape the mansion
NOTE: This game is designed to be completed in one sitting, in a little under an hour. Welcome To NiGHT SIGNAL. Taking inspiration from The Twilight Zone and forgotten gems like The Dark Eye , NiGHT SIGNAL is a short, nightmarish first-person horror experience that sees you breaking in a new television set, only to find that it picks up strange signals after dark. From Nick Lives, the creator of A Wonderful Day For Fishing and Doodle Date , and the artist behind We Need To Go Deeper. Features Watch four channels of original programming in a warped 1960's America using a state-of-the-art remote control . Manipulate antenna to pick up strange signals at night. Track your sightings using a TV Guide someone slipped under your door. Gaze upon hand-made horrors of flesh and clay crafted by Nick Lives. Experience a haunting original soundtrack by David Johnsen. An unlockable in-game Art Book, detailing the game's development history. A short but strange experience intended to be finished in under an hour.
Key Features NERVE is an arcade racing game focused on progression and mastery featuring: Vibrant and intense abstract visuals Original soundtrack by Gustavo Coutinho Over 100 unique handcrafted Zones Gate Keeper Boss battles! Freeplay World Select mode with global leaderboards In NERVE you play as a fragile ball of light racing along an endless cylindrical path. Your journey will take you through portals to different ever more threatening Worlds, whose common defining trait is that they all want you dead. Race through each Zone, dodge and destroy obstacles, learn from mistakes, master every World. Conquer the Campaign Race through 10 alien Worlds, each ending with a battle against a Gate Keeper that blocks your path. Use the unique mechanics you've learned from their World to defeat them. Dominate the Leaderboards Each World has a global leaderboard scoring system so players can see how they fare against their friends and other players around the world.
Perfection. is a simple, soothing puzzle game about cutting shapes to fit into outlines. There are an infinite number of puzzles, each randomly generated to be unique and interesting. Its gameplay is very minimalistic and very forgiving; there is no time limit, and you can cut as many times as you want and undo as many times as you want until you get each shape right. Or, you can challenge yourself to clear the shape in front of you in as few cuts as possible. Whether you get it perfect or not, once a shape is completed, it's gone forever. There's no commitment to replay any level, because there will always be a new one for you to try. The game's soundtrack is a beautiful synthesized soundscape, composed by Omni-Psyence and available on Bandcamp for free .
Do not think. Feel. Experiment. Observe. Test. Learn. GAME: - Play XOB on your newly purchased CRT - - Abstract mechanics - - 100 Puzzles - - 11 poems -
The Last Tinker is a vivid journey through Colortown, a world built upon creativity, emotion and collaboration. It's Mimimi's take on all-time classics like 'Jack and Daxter' or 'Banjo-Kazooie', while breaking the mold by not having a jump button. A dark force named The Bleakness has emerged and seeks to tear the colors apart, draining all joy and life from the world. Koru, a young boy from the slums of Colortown, takes action, though. He embarks on an epic adventure to face the Bleakness and to restore joy and color to his home. It's a real throwback to the 90's. You can play the game with your kids or, even better, rediscover the kid in yourself, lean back and enjoy this colorful ride.
Victor Frankenstein, an old friend and a brilliant scientist has managed to resurrect the dead! However the border between life and death is fragile and Victor has learned the hard way that this balance should not be tempered with... Face terrible monsters, overcome obstacles and solve clues. Save unhappy creatures from being a victim of an extremely inhuman experiment and stop the baron Igor. Help restore the course of nature and save Victor and his wife, Elizabeth! A new look into a classic story Solve fantastic puzzles Stunning 2k HD graphics
Mibibli's Quest is a retro-style surrealistic platformer game. Join everybody's favorite poorly-drawn 8-bit character, Mibibli, as it blasts its way through over 20 crazy and eclectic levels designed to challenge even the fiercest wayward retro warrior. Conquer caves, dance through raves, wander the suburbs, and blow up eggs... travel through time and explore your nightmares along the way! Collect power ups and find the secrets that are scattered throughout this world. Each level has it's own collection of enemies, unique gimmicks, and bizarre characters to meet. Pay heed to their quizzical insights and use it to demolish bosses and ultimately defeat Mibibli's arch-nemesis, Crocodibli! This unique, colorful, and eccentric game has been described as 'Mega Man' meets 'Space Funeral.' The soundtrack was inspired by catchy retro NES tunes, but is interspersed by instrumental oddities. Submersive and subversive, it is truly a gaming experience that will leave a lasting impression on your mind!
'Over, and over again... It'll never end.' Premise Part of the ' Faceless Short Stories' , The Sorrowvirus: A Faceless Short Story follows the journey of a young man named Wyatt Heyll , who, from a very young age, has been stricken with a multitude of ailments, cancers and illnesses. On the verge of death, his parents gave him a paranormal substance known as the Sorrowvirus, which contaminates the human soul; preventing it from passing onto the afterlife when they die. This causes them to fall to Purgatory instead, where they can heal and eventually return to life. However, every time Wyatt comes back to life, his cancers and illnesses return quicker than before. Wyatt's parents allow him to continue dying over and over while they perform research on organic particles found in Purgatory that may cure him once and for all. Gameplay Wyatt, having died so many times, simply wants to let go; both his mind and soul are shattered. Your objective is to set Wyatt free from his everlasting torment. With four endings in sight, only one is the true ending, will you endeavour to help Wyatt set himself free? Time is something that can easily slip away from you in Purgatory, keep track of time by interacting with grandfather clocks scattered across Purgatory. For those who dislike time-management games, there is a wristwatch that can be found after the first instance so that you don't have to keep track of time. The Sorrowvirus: A Faceless Short Story is a First-Person Story Adventure designed to be played in one sitting that lasts approximately 45-60 minutes. There are no save points. However, the game will remember how many times you've completed it; causing the game's dialogue, environments and difficulty to change while you discover the other endings. To experience the game in its entirety, all four instances should be played! Breaks can be taken in-between instances, as the game remembers how many times you've completed it.
Mining Rail is a roller coaster game. Get in your mine cart and drive at high speed along the railway track, getting through the mine to the exit and down to the valley. The track is steep, the curves tight and the force tries to take your vehicle out of the bend. A good pilot now shifts the weight, tilts the mine cart in the curve and manages every tricky part of the track. exciting high speed downhill driving real roller coaster feeling over- and underground driving world generator for fixed and random tracks A mine cart pilot must qualify for his missions and is rated by the number of tasks completed. You have to be fast, accident-free and efficient in collecting gems. Only then you will get access to the next mining world. 110 fixed tracks 11 worlds 5 levels 1650 tasks 30 upgrades endless number of random tracks Your mining operations will take you to the most exciting mine tracks in the world. From the Black Forest via the Volcano Islands to the Blue Grottoes, your driving skills become a legend. But every experienced mine cart pilot has to face at regular intervals the challenge of the Ghost Mine. Black Forest Mediterranean Fertile Plain Nordic Coast Volcano Island Mining Mountains Fire Caves Iron Valley Blue Grottoes Desert Mountain Ghost Mine The dark Ghost Mine will not be entered by humans. Here live the dead, ghosts, giant spiders and vampire bats. There is no electric light and some sections are very steep. 10 fixed tracks Ghost Mine 5 levels 30 tasks endless number of random tracks in Ghost Mine Find your way through the Ghost Mine and the most impressive mines around the world and start a journey from deep inside the mountains down to the safe station at the end of the track.
The Incredible Baron combines real-time strategy gameplay with over 45 collectible animal species in a tale of exploration, science, and betrayal. As Baron, you will explore an uncharted island, documenting its species and using their unique abilities to defeat nefarious adversaries in the cut-throat world of science. But as the adventure unfolds, you may begin to question the credibility of Baron's incredible boasts, leaving only your tactical skill and the know-how of Baron's crew as the deciding factors in Baron's fate. In The Incredible Baron , you will: Harness the unique strengths of over 45 new species that inhabit the island. Experience a twisting tale of science and betrayal spanning 30 story levels and 60 challenge levels. Customize your army and the tech tree itself as you build a team suited for each upcoming challenge. Explore exotic environments presented in a gorgeous, 16-bit art style. Meet a unique cast of characters and setting inspired by 18th century naturalists, Baron Munchausen, and Don Quixote.
GAIN is a first person stealth game with perma-death. You play as Xavier, who is on a simple mission to not die. Each level contains a document which he has to collect and reach the exit the door. The only problem is that Xavier will die if he is shot at all. No regenerating health or health packs. He has to complete the missions flawlessly. Slow down time to land a bullet in the guards brain. Hardcore perma death. Once you die its back to the beginning Freeze guards with your bow Compete with friends with steam leaderboards Developed on Unreal 4
An afternoon spent walking between the gravestones reading the whispers of those that have passed. This is the experience Boon Hill promises to give. A graveyard simulator, with all the adventure of exploring a real graveyard without looking like a creeper. To put it as simply as possible, Boon Hill is a game about reading gravestones. There might be a few other elements in the final product but the bulk of the game would be just walking through a graveyard, reading epitaphs and thinking about who these people were and never will be again. Free Roaming The game itself has no win scenario. As the protagonist you'll start with a specific gravestone you're looking for, but finding it won't end the game. Looking at every gravestone once won't end the game. Doing everything there possibly is to do won't end the game. The game ends when you decide to leave the graveyard. The experience is yours. It isn't dictated by some preset guidelines. No Danger The game has no lose scenario either. There is nothing threatening the player. No zombies bursting up from the graves and no vampires hidden deep in the mausoleums. The gravedigger is not digging a grave for you and it's impossible to be buried alive. There's nothing to be afraid of at Boon Hill, except perhaps your own mortality, despite what some NPCs might tell you. Though they do say you should never fall asleep in a graveyard. Discover Mystery In the Graveyard Boon Hill is not aimless. Boon Hill is about inferred stories, about the connections people have that continue even after they die. The graveyard tells many tales woven by those who've long since passed on: stories of love, life, sorrow, and joy, told over generations. The threads of narrative are woven throughout the gravestones for you to discover, if you have the inkling to look. A row of graves all with the same last name, most of them having died very young, suggests a specific set of circumstances. An epitaph that reads 'Survived by no one' is dour, yes, but clearly someone carried out their last wishes. Here, people are tied together by something as simple as similar birth dates, the places they were born or died, and even the styles of their grave markers. Subtle stories abound in the rows of stone. The specifics of what you can expect from Boon Hill: Fancy, advanced 16-bit graphics! The kind of graphics you drooled over twenty years ago. The ability to choose your gender as male OR female! How very progressive. Well over a thousand individual graves and epitaphs! It's the whole point of the game, after all. Several NPCs to interact with! At least more than two. Crows! The graveyard has a lot of crows. It's as much a feature as anything else. Figure out what's up with that weird goth chick! She's kinda creepy. Virtual graveyard! Real depression! Feelings of depression are not guaranteed, but reading epitaphs is not known as a heartwarming pastime. Lie in an open grave! Haven't you always wanted to do that? Real-time mourning! You'll be able to leave flowers, and look sad. All in real time! Only three flowers allowed per visit of the grounds. But mostly, Learn about the history of this town and the kind of people that lived their through the legacy they have left behind in the graveyard boon hill.
A great Adventure begins. Join us on a Journey into History and Adventure. Be a pioneer and build the most famous transcontinental railroad tracks in the United States of America throughout the 19th century. Our Journey starts in the city of New York around the year 1830. Discover the famous trail of the railroad pioneers to the sunny east coast. Experience the Dangers and Challenges of those times and enter one of the biggest Adventures in the history of the Railroad. In Railroad Pioneer you are invited to explore these famous routes step by step. Learn about the fantastic history of discovering the west of America and see if you have what it takes to be successful. Enjoy the trip! Key features Real-time business simulation in complete 3D Unique mix of exploring, business and transport-management simulation in real-time Fog-of-war introduced into this genre as an additional element Historically correct campaign with 10 story-based missions Different game modes for long playability 13 different professions like Pioneer, Trapper etc. for various explore missions 25 historically correct locomotives with an individual upgrade system 22 expandable industries from farms to military industry 10 different wagon types for transporting of 18 different goods 5 different landscape settings Easily accessible game system with strategic development opportunities Multiplayer mode via LAN and Internet with up to 4 players
English Country Tune is a luxuriant abstract 3D puzzle game brought to you by increpare, the first commercial project of a developer who's brought you nearly 200 freeware games to date. Over the course of more than a hundred levels situated throughout 17 worlds, you'll become acquainted with a wide variety of very different mechanics, none of them what they first may appear, and which will combine together in challenging ways. Key features: Genuine 3D gameplay 17 diverse worlds Over 100 carefully crafted levels A wide range of mechanics and in-game goals Over 60 minutes of specially composed music
You've relied on your eyes since birth, how will you survive without them? Navigate through a thrilling hostile confinement without the use of your sight! Discover the mysteries of a twisted and horrifying location. Stealth and agility will be your weapons of choice, use them wisely. Can YOU rise up to the challenge? You've never had to be without your eyes before... Enjoy a new experience with this Audio only game where you must learn to use your ears to survive. Setting Dark Passenger starts you off in a morbid scenario of having a panic attack as your character adjusts to the fact that their eyes have been recently removed from their body. You are soon greeted by a mentally suspect man, who seems to take perverse, sadistic pleasure in your situation, yet tries to calm you down, promising to guide you to safety. In order for you to navigate this unknown environment, you must use your ears to pin point items as well as dangerous enemies and obstacles so that you may progress. Soon, you will meet with alert guards who chase you down in escape sequences as well as encounter stealth situations, where you must make little noise and stay out of sight of patrols by using your ears to map out where enemies are going and use your cunning to create openings. Experience new sensations as you use learn to use your ears and gradually learn how to face the challenges this presents. You will die, a lot. Enjoy.
In No Pineapple Left Behind, you have to run a school full of children. Children have lots of wants, needs, and feelings. That's a problem, because if they get don't pay attention in class and get low grades, your school loses money. However, you can turn children into pineapples. All that pineapples do is take tests and get grades. They do not have feelings and are not people, but they are much simpler to handle, and therefore much cheaper. Features: Learn about the shortcomings of modern education in this satirical game Nine schools, each with unique challenges Manage the school's curriculums, students, and staff without going bankrupt Dehumanize the children, turning them into orderly pineapples Maintain a small staff of top-tier teachers or a large group of burned-out, underpaid teachers Manipulate a child's feelings with lasers Cast magic spells like 'Trigonomancy' or 'Covalency' to teach students Address parental concerns, or maybe ignore them altogether
Near Death Experience is a defensless horror game that puts you in the mind of a car crash victim that lost his memory and finds himself in a threatening and unknown area. The player has to solve riddles to try to regain his memory while running from dark forces. Note: The first level will be a little bit difficult! Is a riddle: The pieces of the character's life are the photos, and the angel's scream is the strange sound that you'll hear during the level. Only when there is the sound, the photos will appear!
Truck the System. Build your truck from over 40 parts, and then race it through community-made tracks. Dodge missiles and gunfire as you loop the loop and hit the stunt ramps. Vehicle Builder Edit your truck mid-race! You can modify your truck seamlessly at any point during a level. Truck too slow? Just add some boosters Over 40 parts. A virtually infinite number of possible truck designs Quick and easy. Build a working truck in a minute Powerful . Create complex trucks with multiple weapons systems Optional . You can use a pre-made truck or a truck made by another player if you're not feeling creative Weapons Huge variety of melee and ranged weapons Choose from rockets, sniper rifles, lasers, miniguns and more Add multiple weapons to your truck and switch between them during a race In-Game Level Editor Easy to use . Node-based editor allows you to quickly create curved tracks and tubes for players to race along Parts-based . Place parts to create your level, including loop-the-loops, stunt ramps, enemy turrets and more. Pre-made terrains and environments make it easy to create a level which looks great .
A country life, growing a vegetable garden in your own ranch. In this tiny fantasy countryside experience, that is easy to do and very relaxing. Just keep in mind: water brings life. Swap the blocks of earth, stone, water, and others, like water channels and lawn sprinklers, so that all the arable soil receives the necessary water. Solve the challenge and feel the pleasure of watching the plants instantly grow and bear fruit. There is no time limit or resources to manage, so you can calmly just focus on the core mechanics while listening to a soothing soundtrack and animal sounds. Figuring out the patterns of blocks will make it easier to solve the puzzles. As you progress solving the logic puzzles, see your farm expand and evolve in the background with new types of vegetables. With clean skies, fresh air, and crystal clear water, among birds and listening to the sounds of nature. Featuring: 50 logic puzzles to complete. An exclusive and immersive soundtrack.
For the latest version of the game, please go to : , thank you.
Type your question for the Spirit World to answer, then click the start button. Whatever the letters, numbers, and shapes remind you of, is the answer.
Wotheguel is a single player fps game in which we fight in the forest. Be careful, various puzzles can block you. Defeat the targets in the forest with 5 weapons and 3 skill sets in the fantastic forest. Follow the instructions given by Mina and fulfill your mission by collecting all the diamonds. Various creatures in the forest are the protectors of the diamond you want to steal. The diamonds awaken the creatures, you can only rely on your weapon in the forest. You cannot hide or escape in the forest, all you can do is war.
Have you ever pondered what the romantic life of a chicken is like? Take the role of Henry Cock as you try and woo as many hens as you can! With a unique, never-before-seen puzzle concept, you'll soon lose track of time as you become the best chicken dater in the world! Choose between three dates, each with a unique personality and twist on the puzzle. Can you successfully woo all three of the lovely hens?
Are ghosts real? You are on your first solo ghost hunting case, under the watchful instructions of Bear and Jen from the O.P.G paranormal team. Use real gadgets in a real location, a house investigated by the game developers several times, on the request of three different owners. It is a case worthy of a video game, so welcome to Incubus. Uncover the reason as to why this house is always empty. Is it cursed? Many have come and gone from the house, citing malevolent forces play within the empty rooms, a sinister hunched figure has been seen in the corner of the eye and the place is a hotspot for paranormal activity. Will you survive the night? What makes a haunted house? It's no Dracula's Castle to look at, but neither is the house made famous by the Enfield Poltergeist or the scary monk that haunts the seemingly innocent looking 30 East Drive. Keep an open mind, investigate the house, and see and hear what ghosts may linger at 6 Dread Pit Road, in London's 'East End'. To solve the mystery of 'House 6' you must keep your eyes and ears open, and learn how to use ghost-hunting gadgets to pinpoint activity. There have been many tenants who have lived in 'House 6', none stayed very long and few have anything good to say. Quite the opposite, for over the years 'House 6' has accumulated a lot of eye witness statements and terrified testimonials. Here are a few: 'Coming home, I could hear someone upstairs, an obvious intruder! I snuck next door and phoned the police, who arrived within the hour. By now lights had come on upstairs, as the burglars searched the place. The police had a look around, but found no-one. How's that possible?!!' K. Taylor, 2020 'I awoke in the night, unable to move. Someone was pinning me to the bed. It was dark, but there was a figure, on top of me, like a nightmare. I tried to scream, but nothing came out, just weird! It lasted for about 5 minutes!! I felt the weight on my chest. Then nothing. It was morning, but I know it wasn't a dream.' E.Horton, 2007 'Yeah, that house!! I was supposed to decorate the place. Good money, should have been easy. But power issues, accidents, and Kenny falling off the ladder, none of that can be explained. It just isn't worth it. It's got something wrong with it. Bad energies.' Chris, 2004 'No, it hasn't sold, but we are keen to make a sale soon. We've heard all the stories, urban legends, and the spooky stuff. It's all nonsense, and here at Hoxton's we don't hire ghost-hunters to help sell a house, and if we did, we certainly wouldn't talk about it.' Hoxton's Real Estate Agent 2022 'It needs pulling down. There's something evil inside that house.' Barry, 2022 'I saw it! The figure at the window. It was ages ago, but I definitely saw it. Nasty eyes, they seem to catch the light, piercing horrible eyes, staring back at me. Some of us locals say it's the Devil. I've never passed that house since that day. People should stay away.' Gary, 1998 'We all witnessed the 'thing'. Hunched, hairy, snarling. It wasn't a person, no way, it moved too quick, and it stank, like wet dog. A dead wet dog! No, there was nothing human about it. We all saw it, and then it disappeared. We didn't wait to see if it came back.' Sarah, 1987 Features: A real haunted house, captured in detailed 360 views. Full 360 exploration and soundtrack recorded on location. Interact with ghost-hunting gadgets to investigate. Encounter real-world paranormal activity based on witness statements. Puzzles and ghost identification. Experience a haunting based on eye witness accounts. Completely AI driven phenomena, the ghosts are aware! A complete story, with a satisfying conclusion.
Set in a fantasy world, Middle Board, DICETINY is a parody turn-based card and board game mash-up where you as one of the heroes must take on powerful monsters using minions and spell cards, and ultimately defeat an evil sage to save the world from an apocalypse. features Offers unique gameplay mechanic by combining card and board game elements. Various dungeons guarded by powerful monsters. with different game rules. Meet new class-based heroes, each with a unique skill, during your adventure. Build your deck and apply a different strategy depending on the dungeon. Puns and parodies hopefully everyone will enjoy.
Broken Age is a family friendly, hand-animated, puzzle-filled adventure game with an all-star cast, including Elijah Wood, Jack Black and Masasa Moyo. Funded by a record breaking crowdfunding campaign and designed by industry legend Tim Schafer, Broken Age is a timeless coming-of-age story of barfing trees and talking spoons. Vella Tartine and Shay Volta are two teenagers in strangely similar situations, but radically different worlds. The player can freely switch between their stories, helping them take control of their own lives, and dealing with the unexpected adventures that follow. Starring: Elijah Wood as Shay Masasa Moyo as Vella Jack Black as Harm'ny Lightbeard Jennifer Hale as Mom Wil Wheaton as Curtis Pendleton Ward as Gus
A Goldrush themed local multiplayer brawler for PC and Mac ! Play as two competing prospectors trying to fill your safes with precious gold nuggets or other items of value. Whether it's in the dusty hills of the Sierra Nevada, the icy peaks of the Klondike, or the burning heat of the desert, it's your chance to strike it rich! But beware, competing prospectors abound! Armed with dynamite and bear traps and no sense of the law. GOLDRUSHERS will provide fast paced action, wacky antics, and flying horses for your living room. FEATURES SPLIT-SCREEN MULTIPLAYER - Share a couch but steal the gold! Two players compete for one to three stages. TWO-SCREEN MULTIPLAYER - We are in 2017! You can play GOLDRUSHERS on two screens for the ultimate experience! THREE UNIQUE LEVELS - Choose from our 3 exotic locations with challenges to face and secrets to uncover! MORE THAN 40 ITEMS TO FIND - Have you ever wondered how many dollars a snowman is worth? Just throw them in your safe and you'll find out! DYNAMITE - Use dynamite to stun the other prospector and break into their safe - it's a blast! BEARTRAPS - Hide beartraps and slow down the other player for an eternity! FLYING HORSES - Throw them at the other player! Notice: GOLDRUSHERS requires a controller and two players to play.
4 The Elements is a 2D Action Platformer inspired by the best games of this genre from the 90s. Switch in real time between the four elements of nature to overcome challenges, acquire new abilities and defeat powerful bosses in beautifully crafted thematic stages. You control each of the four elements of nature, Fire, Earth, Air, and Water, that for some mysterious reason find themselves trapped inside a magic crystal and forced to share the same body. By switching between the characters on the fly, you will be able to use their different attacks, movement and abilities to face enemies, solve puzzles and unveil the truth behind their mutual predicament as they fight to escape from their imprisonment. Walk beautifully crafted environments that were formed by the elemental chaos raging within the crystal, each created from the clash of two of the primary elements. Traverse through Ice, Magma, Mud and Smoke as you face the challenges each of these stages present. The 4 elements have much of their power sealed away and scattered across these hostile domains. Look for the runes that contain their essences to empower the elements with new abilities. They will be essential to conquer the obstacles that stand in your way, both environmental and foes alike. Speaking of foes, at the end of each stage, a massive creature awaits. They serve as guardians to the 4 crystal keys the elements need in order to release themselves from their prison. Like the places they inhabit, these mighty beasts too were birthed from the coalescence of elemental forces and wield that power with unbridled fury. As such, each will present challenges that match and make use of their domains. Combine your skills with the knowledge and abilities acquired on the path to their lair to fell these giants and claim their keys.
Attention all passengers! We are thrilled to announce the highly anticipated arrival of 'Station to Station' on your PCs! FEATURES A relaxing and peaceful experience Beautiful, colorful voxel art Optional strategic gameplay to earn high scores CONNECT THE WORLD In Station to Station, your world starts small with a handful of rural structures. Place stations and create connections to foster growth and expansion. As you build more connections, your area will grow, transforming into a vibrant, lush environment full of life and color! To keep you on your toes, the game also features engaging puzzle elements, challenging you to optimize routes and solve logistical conundrums. ADMIRE VOXEL-ART VIEWS Hop on board and steam through colorful biomes. Breathe life into the dry desert sands, and transform the untamed mountain terrain. Build and watch your tranquil world come to life with an ever-widening tapestry of flora and fauna! THRIVE For those eager to put their management and planning skills to the test, each level offers optional challenges, stack bonuses, and unique mechanics tied to every biome! Whether you seek relaxation or mental stimulation, 'Station to Station' has something for everyone! GET ON BOARD AND RELAX Follow us, join the community, and choo-choo with the devs. Check the external links to join our Twitter and Discord! Station to Station is inspired by titles, such as Mini Metro, Train Valley, Dorfromantik, Terra Nil and Islanders.
Sumotori Dreams Classic is an old, popular, joke sumo wrestling game, which has come to Steam. Control your unstable caracters, which have their own mind, try to push over your opponent, the first one falling or leaving the circle will lose. Play against a friend sharing keyboard and screen or play against AI. Add up to 4 characters and watch them keep falling over and breaking objects even after the match has ended.
When an Angel and a Demon team up to kill their way into Heaven and stop the apocalypse, bullets will fly and blood will be shed. Play solo or in with a friend and burst through a room in a matter seconds killing enemies with a bucketload of weapons, special abilities, and melee options in a show of blood and explosions! Kill enemies in the most graphic way possible! Make split-second decisions, dodge bullets and inflict violence in a highly stylized, fast-paced bloodbath. Each character brings their own unique powers. With a treasure trove of weapons and customizable special abilities you have the means to annihilate your enemies in just the way you like. Two heroes working together will slay enemies twice as fast! Switch freely between Harry and Judy, the Angel and the Demon, at any moment in solo mode, or grab a friend and work together in co-op for even greater bloodshed!
Intrusion 2 is an action platformer set in a sci-fi environment on a reserve planet occupied by a hostile military corporation conducting forbidden weapon research. Intrusion 2 is inspired by classic 16bit era sidescrollers and focuses on classic fast-paced action combined with modern physics and animation. Key features: 9 huge action-packed levels Enemy behavior based on physics and procedural animation High interactive environment 3 multistage boss battles 3 difficulty modes, with more enemies and dangers on hard mode
Trapped inside the room full of screens. A pair of hands who can predict your future. Ask a question and draw the runes, they will unveil the forthcoming. This is the future you'll live in. A small world, a city. Full of uncertainty and doubt, violence and obsession. In a time of despair, they'll have nothing to trust. They'll come, they'll seek. DIVINATION. It will answer every question. The secret inside one's heart; The fortune for tomorrow; The fate of the loved one; The meaning of life; Everything. You are the Diviner. The runes have been set, show them the answer. DIVINATION A short game where you act as a fortune teller in a futuristic world. Talk and listen to people's stories, then foresee their future using the runes they had drawn. The result of your divination will stir the fate of humans and robots alike. FEATURES 4 different clients in all different kinds of story, flesh, and mind. Rune reading mechanic. Multiple endings based on the outcomes of your divination. Flowchart divination to ease player experience. Ominous ethno-futuristic soundtrack.
Two Games for the Price of One - Final Approach: Pilot Edition includes a copy of the original Final Approach for Tracked Motion Controllers. If you already purchased the original Final Approach, check your library for your free copy of Final Approach: Pilot Edition Take control of the skies like never before in a full Virtual Reality world! Airplanes on fire, commuter aircraft low on fuel, mid-air collisions, emergency rescues, and military exercises all need your immediate attention. Manage your aircraft and airports in 'God Mode' as you tower over large metropolitan airports, tropical islands, and towering cities. Path your aircraft to safety, avoiding air traffic, fierce thunderstorms, and perilous landscapes. Get those planes refueled, repaired, and back in the air as fast as possible. You will need nerves of steel as you zoom down to 'Toy Mode' to fight raging aircraft fires, man the guns and missiles of the battleship, and the worst task of all...Luggage Sorting. Don't waste any time, the skies are full of emergencies that only you can manage. Did we mention the Alien Invasion? Welcome to Final Approach! Room-Scale VR Never before has a game used the full capability and power of Room Scale Virtual Space! The sky is full of aircraft of every shape and size, from F16s to Blackhawk Helicopters, WW2 Spitfires and barnstorming bi-wings. We even threw in predator drones and stealth bombers for free! Enjoy over 6 hours of gameplay, mini-games, and free-play modes! Final Approach gives you complete control of the skies around the airports and islands as you tower over the world in what we call 'God Mode'. Using the HTC Vive or Oculus Touch motion controllers, reach up to grab an aircraft, draw a path from one side of the room to the other, and get the aircraft to their designated runway. In addition to managing the aircraft, the player can use zoom points throughout the game to get up close and personal with various aspects of the terrain. Scale down to real world size, where you can fight roaring fires with water hoses, interact with the guns and missile launchers of battleships, sort luggage, scare off seagulls with air horns and solve puzzles to make your way through the game. Gameplay Flying military jets and helicopters in combat and rescue missions while navigating the decks of aircraft carriers and battleships. Take control of the boat guns and missiles as you fight off enemy combatants Take control of a city airport, managing large commercial and private aircraft. Pilot them down to their appropriate gates while you navigate helicopters and ground crew on various tasks. Fly your rescue and support helicopters around skyscrapers and large office buildings in a towering metropolis as you navigate your way through busy streets to clear traffic jams, fight towering infernos, and rescue stranded citizens. Aircraft include F-16 and F18 fighter jets, DCA-717s, A320 Commercial Jets, Messerschmitts, Spitfires, B2 Stealth Bombers, B17s, Predator Drones, Heli UH 60 Gunners, HH65C Dauphins, Sikorsky Ch-54s, HH-60 Blackhawks and so much more! Story Mode Follow our heroic pilots as they work their way through dangerous missions and hazardous terrain. But they can't do it alone, they need your help. Keep them safe while they help you decipher puzzles and challenges that could lead you to the truth and knowledge of how to stop what could be the world's greatest threat yet, ALIENS!
In Skedaddle your ultimate goal is to run through 10 levels having only 1 life. It may sound simple, but running in the game is not easy. Alternate two buttons to accelerate your character. Make one mistake and you fall over, then eaten by the local alien creature. Get in your ship at the end of each stage, buy upgrades to make your character stronger and continue to the next run. Reach enough scores to unlock more characters with special abilities. Have fun, and keep your fingers healthy. KEY FEATURES Procedurally generated levels. Each adventure is different. 6 unique characters to play. 1 life to pass through all levels. Buy upgrades and the end of each chapter. Try to build your own upgrade strategy which works best.
The NADI Project it is a graphic adventure, inspired by the already best-known successes of 'The Vanishing of Ethan Carter' and of 'Ether One', in which you will face various obstacles. In this adventure, you will be catapulted into a reality set in a future not too far away. You will play Jeremy Parker, a famous businessman in his field, but forced by misfortune to go where money has no value. You will face the difficulties of a shipwreck, in an anonymous island, forgotten by every nautical map. You can't count on anyone, just on your intuition. Bur nothing is like it seems, even the desert islands do not escape out of this law. And so you'll find yourself on a journey through ancient ruins, traces left by one of the biggest electronic company in the world, the 'Ceberus Electronics' This giant business made this atoll one of his research bases and your destiny has made it your struggle for existence. You will be forced to explore thoroughly everything that surrounds you, without forgetting your main goal. RUN AWAY !
Travel across the virtual zone and defend the core by guiding a pair of starfighters through the shoot 'em up action of Rhythm 'n Bullets. Enemies fly in from all sides, diving towards the core in time with the soundtrack. Time your shots to the beat for maximum effect, and grab awesome power-ups to clear the stage. Keep the core safe from danger in the multi-level campaign, and then try to top the leaderboards in endless mode, where the enemies never stop!
A shooter you can play for minutes or hours at a time, 60 Second Strike offers a refreshing new take on classic old-school gameplay. When time is your life, how long can you last? - THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE: Defeat enemies and gather crystals to gain more time, but beware--the more damage you take, the less time you'll have left. - A SIMPLE GOAL WITH INFINITE APPROACHES: With procedurally generated maps offering countless challenges across multiple modes, the action only stops when you do. - UPGRADE AND CUSTOMIZE YOUR LOADOUT: Mix skill and strategy to hone your personal gameplay style, and keep the odds ever in your favor by permanently upgrading your weapons and ship. - THE NEED FOR SPEED: A custom game engine allows for unprecedented speed to get you in the game as soon as possible--you'll be playing before most other games have even booted. - NO REST FOR THE WICKED: 60 Second Strike is the debut release from Amplecti Chao, a one-person indie outfit with over a decade of industry experience including the Destroy All Humans! and Borderlands series.
XCOM: Enemy Unknown will place you in control of a secret paramilitary organization called XCOM. As the XCOM commander, you will defend against a terrifying global alien invasion by managing resources, advancing technologies, and overseeing combat strategies and individual unit tactics. The original XCOM is widely regarded as one of the best games ever made and has now been re-imagined by the strategy experts at Firaxis Games. XCOM: Enemy Unknown will expand on that legacy with an entirely new invasion story, enemies and technologies to fight aliens and defend Earth. You will control the fate of the human race through researching alien technologies, creating and managing a fully operational base, planning combat missions and controlling soldier movement in battle. Key Features Strategy Evolved: XCOM: Enemy Unknown couples tactical turn-based gameplay with incredible action sequences and on-the-ground combat. Strategic Base: Recruit, customize and grow unique soldiers and manage your personnel. Detect and intercept the alien threat as you build and expand your XCOM headquarters. Tactical Combat: Direct soldier squads in turn-based ground battles and deploy air units such as the Interceptor and Skyranger. Worldwide Threat: Combat spans the globe as the XCOM team engages in over 70 unique missions, interacting and negotiating with governments around the world.
In SPAZ 2 you must survive in an evolving post apocalyptic Galaxy. The zombie threat is defeated, infrastructure has collapsed, fuel is scarce, and scavenging means survival. Initially the Galaxy contains hundreds of fleets, each trying to survive. AI captains do everything the player can. The player is not special and is not the center of the Galaxy. As resource scarcity becomes critical, ships come into conflict just to survive. Factions may form for protection or split due to starvation. Old friends must become fodder. Stronger factions establish and defend territories, set up resource hubs, and establish star bases. Weaker factions may resort to banditry. Each captain is unique, persistent, and shapes the Galaxy. When factions meet, combat is usually the result. While the strategic side of SPAZ 2 is about exploration, territorial control, and faction building, the action side of SPAZ 2 is about ship construction, tactics, and salvage. Combat creates damaged ships and dead crew, but it also provides new salvaged parts. All the parts in SPAZ 2 are modular and randomly generated. If you see something you like, break it off an enemy, grab it with your tractor beam, and connect it to your ship. Ship construction can be done live during battles, though sometimes beating an enemy to death with their broken wing is also fun. Back on the star map, battles will attract other captains looking for salvage. Take your new parts and run. Upgrade, repair, and prepare to fight another day, for darker threats are about to emerge. Key Features: Two hundred persistent Captains that are able to do everything the player can, including forming dynamic factions, building structures, controlling territory, and going to War. A true living galaxy that is not player centric. It will develop differently each game through the interactions of the agents. Build your own faction from nothing. Randomly generated modular parts. Build the mothership that suits your play style, on the fly, in seconds. Every part has its own unique stats that contribute to the mothership. Every part has its own hull integrity and damage states. Every part is a real, working, ship component. Strategic ship building. The mass, location and shape of parts all matter. If a part blocks a turret, it will not fire. If a ship is too long, it will turn slowly. Too many engines will mean too little power for weapons. Every design choice counts. A fully physics based 3d environment where everything is destructible, takes damage from impacts, can be grabbed and even thrown at enemies with the tractor beam. Natural movement and controls. Movement is on a 2d plane and screen relative, much like an FPS. The combat feels like huge pirate ships battling on an ocean. Focus on tactical positioning and manage system power to unleash hell at the right moment. Epic ship to ship battles. Tear the enemy apart piece by piece over minutes, instead of seconds.
Relaxing and simple short game about flying in abstract, peaceful environment. Play as a bubble, follow the coloured tape to reach the main bubble. Key Features: Unique calming, peaceful game. Abstract and colourful gaming environment. Relaxing sound atmosphere. Simple and intuitive gaming experience. Alternative psychedelic display mode. No stories, just flying and lots of bubbles!
'Suicide Guy: Sleepin' Deeply' is a new Chapter from the original Suicide Guy game series. The game is a first person action-puzzle game set in a world of dreams. You'll assume the role of a nice big guy unable to wake up from his dreams. Your task is to help him to step out of them. Features 3 to 4 hours of pure gameplay set inside Suicide Guy's subconscious A whole new story with an unexpected plot twist Physics based levels Ultimate moves: able to pick up items, throw them, activate mechanisms and even burp. Funny creatures to annoy Vehicles to drive New Collectible items to find Gamers will have to use different items in every kind of situation by solving original brain teasers. Despite the title, the game is NOT at all about suicide or depression.
Run from an ever growing black hole through different synthwave worlds in arcade gaming style. Traverse 14 unique levels packed with their own challenges as the black hole causes unstable gravity in every world, making it difficult to escape. Collect cassette tapes to power up your jumps and move through worlds easier. The more tapes you collect in a row, the longer the power up lasts. Collecting tapes and also running add to your score... can you beat your high score? Gravity Runner is best played with a controller.
Fly low and strike deep in the re-invention of the Gunship flight combat franchise. In Gunship!, you're the point man for WWIII -- Russian forces have amassed on one side, NATO on the other in a flashpoint conflict in Eastern Europe. You are about to deploy the most devastating weapon in the inventory of war: the helicopter Gunship! Finesse, raw power, stealth and speed blend in a high-wire balancing act of exacting proportions. In the 21st century, the fate of war can turn on one micro-engagement in the epicenter of action. Features: Separate modes emphasizing realistic simulation or instant action to suit different play styles. Customize your crew and loadout in American, German, Russian, and British helicopters. Enter the fray in 20 unique missions
BadLands RoadTrip is a physics-based shooter, open world RPG where you build your own weapons to fight against the robot apocalypse! Assemble your gun to fit your own playstyle, and give those androids a much needed hard reset. Join your friends via LAN multiplayer and go on quests together, or just fiddle around with gun setups all day! Travel the lush, open world of BadLands RoadTrip to discover the identity of the person who was stupid enough to trigger the singularity. Receive quests from the citizens of different towns and fight enemies on the way to your next clue. You will have many parts at your disposal to make guns. Choose a handle, mechanics and barrel along with a projectile that can be loaded with extra weight, rocket fuel and explosives. Go on your merry way and blast the bots into a well-earned hard reset in your own way. Key features Fully adjustable, physics based guns. Many gun parts and types of projectiles to use in your weapon LAN multiplayer for the complete story and all quests. Non-linear open world Original soundtrack by Storytime Symphony
Drop in to the world of two friendly beetles: relaxed Spoko and angry friend Poko. They need your help to transport a ball to their cottage. Are you ready to help them? Remember to collect all diamonds on the way! In this arcade game, you can surf in search of diamonds By manipulating the angry Poko beetle, bounce the ball using the cart You will encounter many obstacles on the way; we make you familiar with selected ones: Initial levels consist mainly of racing in search of diamonds and gold Then you are moved into the world of the Galactic defenders in the good old arcade style Levels above 15 consist mainly of pinball Levels above 20 consist of cosmic black holes with eyes of aliens Levels above 25 consist of arkanoid with our heroes in the lead On the levels above 27, you will have to fight against angry birds, which will try to take the ball away from our beetles, avoid them! Pink birds will give you diamonds and only those should be smashed On the levels above 30, you will find UFO flying with aliens On the levels above 34, you will lead a battle against the alien force On the levels above 38, you will find a mine, whose tracks lead to a golden temple In the gold rush, everything is possible, so watch out for jumping carts On the levels above 40, there are colored candies, which replicate upon touching the ball making the game more difficult Collect all the candies to get a bonus Help the beetles to find a road home, which is located at their farm Moreover, we can hear funny talking beetles in the game.
You are but a humble Mushroom farmer. You feel the need to farm mushrooms. But there is a voice calling to you. Something from deep under the farm. You must grow mushrooms. Relax and watch them grow. Fungal Colony Simulator is an idle game centered around growing mushrooms, brewing potions, and chilling while playing plinko. Dive into a world of mushrooms and embark on a mesmerizing idle game adventure! Build your very own fungal empire!
High school is ending and the world is ending with it A Space for the Unbound is a slice-of-life adventure game with beautiful pixel art set in the late 90s rural Indonesia that tells a story about overcoming anxiety, depression, and the relationship between a boy and a girl with supernatural powers. Follow two high school sweethearts, Atma and Raya, on a journey of self-discovery at the end of their high school years. When a mysteriously supernatural power is suddenly unleashed threatening their existence, they must explore and investigate their town to uncover hidden secrets, face the end of the world, and perhaps learn more about each other. Set in a small town inspired by 90s era rural Indonesia, A Space for the Unbound presents an endearing story-driven experience with a vibrant environment waiting to be explored. Key Features Throwback to the 90s! Let us take you to Indonesia in the late 90s. Explore rural Indonesia and enjoy its relaxing atmosphere with a hint of supernatural events. Chat and interact with other townfolks and listen to their personal stories. Dive into people's minds Inception-style. Listen to beautiful music composed by Masdito 'Ittou' Bachtiar
A Boy and His Blob makes its triumphant return! A reimagining of the NES classic, as the boy, you feed your blob jelly beans and watch him transform into cool and useful objects to solve puzzles and escape danger. With its robust and emotionally driven story, challenging puzzles, and visually impressive art style, A Boy and His Blob is sure to become a classic once again. When Blobolonia is threatened by an evil Emperor, the blob comes to Earth looking for help. Instead, he finds a young boy. Help the blob dethrone the evil Emperor that's terrorizing Blobolonia and establish a friendship with the blob that will last a lifetime. Experience the heartwarming story through an all-new, hand-drawn and animated presentation! Transform the blob into 15 useful items by feeding him jelly beans such as the all-new Caramel Cannon and Bubble Gum Bouncer and classic beans like the Licorice Ladder, Apple Jack and Tangerine Trampoline. Traverse woods, swamps, caves, the Blobolonian Outskirts and even the Emperor's Citadel through 40 breathtaking levels filled with hidden treasures! Collect treasure to unlock 40 additional challenge levels that will put your skills to the ultimate test!
Before you find the King's Room, you need to beat guards and traps. Feel like an assassin in this limited grid-movement and attacks puzzle game. Invade the royal castle in this minimalist limited movement puzzle game. The Gameplay Move the assassin to pass throughout the level with limited movements to get to the King's Room. You will need to attack! Every level you have a specific quantity of daggers to use in the enemies. Key Features - Dark fantasy atmospheric minimalist visuals - 28 hand-craft levels - Original acoustic guitar soundtrack - Design for keyboard and mouse, but with movement and restart comands for gamepads.
Adjacency is a puzzle game about colors and shapes. Spread colors to adjacent tiles to complete the pattern. Master puzzles by solving them with as few moves as possible. Minimal yet challenging, for the casual or perfectionist player.
BloodRayne is a dhampir, born from the unnatural union of vampire and human. Blessed with the powers of a vampire but cursed with the thirst for blood and a weakness to sunlight, Rayne is challenged with her most personal battle yet as she hunts down her siblings. They have banded together and pledged to carry on their father's legacy of creating a new era of vampire supremacy where humans are mere cattle. Rayne's siblings have created 'The Shroud,' a mysterious substance that will render the sun's lethal rays harmless to vampires. Now only BloodRayne stands between an unsuspecting humanity and a horrifying vampire dawn.
In the beginning there was nothing. There was only silence. Then a tiny object appeared... The game follows the story of a mysterious, yet insignificant object set to bring a world to life. The player will take control of the mysterious, yet insignificant object in it's quest. The Architect is the twisted sci-fi abstract labyrinth game at the edge of Creation, which makes you ponder every move you'll make. Key Features: twisted labyrinths where getting out is a great challenge! optional levels with additional details to the story use space modifiers to change the labyrinth around you! step into magnetic distortion fields for fast travels! beautiful 3D outer space world controller support full featured level editor included create custom levels: share levels in Workshop and test your friends!
Orion13 is an action-packed VR hack-and-slash game developed by MetroVR Studios. You are Orion13 , a newly self-aware combat robot who believes her memory implants are her own... and you just want to go home. Fight your way through a futuristic robot society using swords, stuns, and shields with a host of colorful friends and foes. Become fully immersed in a dystopian robot society and complex, futuristic settings. Flee the plaza, take harrowing jumps atop skyscrapers, traverse catwalks and dangerous reactor rooms, dodge lasers, navigate minefields, and steal a spaceship to find your way home... Battle a diverse range of enemies , solve VR puzzles, and fight to stay alive. Your enemies don't want you to know your own secrets. Test your skill in The Arena Orion13's Arena Mode features endless waves of killer robots and a cross-platform leaderboard updated in realtime. Do you have what it takes to survive and climb to the top of the leaderboard? Features: Open locomotion with no restrictions or training wheels! Fast-paced combat that doesn't tie you down Full body first person inverse kinematics Interactive inventory Complete story to add to the adventure Interactive puzzles Original soundtrack Survival Arena with Online Leaderboard Hard Mode - Can you handle the challenge?
Unleash the fury of your drums! Behold! Drums of War, a VR music-driven action adventure game that uses a unique locomotion mechanic. Step into the role of a gigantic orc and pound virtual drums to the beat of blasting heavy metal. Move forward and rampage through fantasy landscapes, destroying enemies, and reclaim the right to once again call yourself the king of the mountain. Enjoy full 360 degrees of freedom in both movement and combat. Feel the music in your gut and release the rhythm within. Hit the drums to the beat to move forward. Release a frenzy of hits to shoot fireballs and blast cannons. Rampage through 15 story levels and fight off hordes of fantasy creatures, including pesky dwarves, flaming skeletons, demonic succubi, and much more. Get into the Guitar Hero inspired War Drum Hero mode , a high score combat challenge where you slay endless hordes of dwarves. Or enter Jukebox mode , where you can bang the drums to the music, freestyle, while savoring the epic scenery of Drums of War. Collect skulls to unlock skins and make your ultimate drum war machine. Features an original soundtrack from the hands of Gabe Castro, composer of the indie mega hit The Forest. Licensed tracks from thrash metal giants Warbringer, Wind Rose, and Exmortus. Drums of War is made for everyone who loves to pound on drums and have a blast fighting off hordes of enemies. You don't need a high-end system to have the game running smoothly on your PC. It's easy to play and fun to master, so you can choose to go casual, or challenge yourself to the max!
The Darkest Island is a psychological horror game in first person with moments of action and despair During air cargo transport between countries across the Atlantic Ocean, you and your team have an accident and fall on an inhabited island. You a survivor, do not find your team among the wreckage and start looking for them, with a compass it is necessary to look for first aid in villages. The game focuses on its gameplay, offering different solutions to problems, henceforth the story that leaves us in doubt of connection of the facts. TIP: Flammable liquid is required to keep torches on. Resources: - High Quality graphics. - Tense atmosphere of fear. - Not just cheap scares. Be afraid when walking. - High quality audio support. - Simple but enjoyable gameplay.
Exo One: Prologue is the beginning of a surreal and otherworldly adventure into the unknown, serving as an introduction to the mechanics and mood of the main game, Exo One, coming later this year. This is a short first taste of Exo One - approximately 10 mins playing time A strange signal... an alien craft... an interplanetary, gravity-defying journey through space and time. On the anniversary of the Jupiter accident, an alien signal transmits construction blueprints for an alien craft, which humanity builds, called Exo One. Master a truly alien traversal system and move through enigmatic and desolate alien landscapes in ways you've never experienced. Use gravity and momentum to reach colossal speeds and exhilarating heights. Ride thermal updrafts into boiling cloud formations, careen down hillsides and launch off mountain tops, all the time drifting toward the shining blue beam on the horizon. Atmospheric, diffused visuals are merged with otherworldly sound effects and a hypnotic electric guitar soundtrack. Pilot your craft on mankind's first voyage outside the solar system, and go on an interplanetary journey across space and time.
Tales speak of a mythical Airborne Kingdom, a floating metropolis that united all the nations of the world under its banner. One day, it disappeared, leaving its allies alone, and isolated. Decay and decline soon followed, with each left to fend for itself. Aeons later, a spark of hope emerges: A new floating city takes to the skies, to hopefully rekindle the tales of old and unite the struggling people of the world once more. Reconnect them and usher in a new era of harmony and prosperity. Take control of this new sky city and build it up from a fledgling town to a bustling metropolis stretching across the horizon. Roam the skies of the world, seeking out resources and opportunities below, find lost temples and deserted cities, complete quests, and usher in a new era of prosperity in the critically-acclaimed sky city builder, now available on Steam! Construct the sky city, a beacon of hope for the people of the world. Build housing and service buildings, research technologies, and gather resources to sustain its community. Face crucial challenges. Balance air drag with propulsion, lift with mass, and of course, the timid tilt. Attend to the people. Citizens require houses, food, medicine, and assorted creature comforts. Create the infrastructure to meet their needs and take the first steps towards making myth reality once more. Explore a vast, randomized world. Locate raw materials and process them into resources necessary to expand the city and seek out terrain-bound kingdoms to bring into the fold. Aid the struggling ground kingdoms. Complete quests to gain their allegiance, expanding your city's influence and establishing its legacy. Unearth the secrets of the first Airborne Kingdom, exploring the skies and seeking out secret shrines and forgotten ruins, learning its rich history. Build and optimize, explore and help, or just kick back and relax as the floating city makes its way through the sky. Tinker with the city in Creative Mode and create the greatest floating city in history, free from resource limitations or the pressure of time. Enjoy a vibrant art style and calming soundtrack, as you restore serenity to a world in need of hope. Seek out greater heights with previously released DLC content including New Game Plus and a Hard Mode
The planet of Aethereus is an ancient and mysterious world filled with majestic forests, misty swamps, deep caves and ancient ruins. Devastated by three large astronomical events, the Three Great Skyfalls, it is a world just coming out of chaos and ruin. The recent unearthing of The Gauldron Tablets has revealed the existence of The Seven Ancient Skyfall Relics. The promise of unlimited power for those who possess the objects has led to a frenzied search across all of Aethereus. As a member of the Nexus City-State, one of the last bastions of freedom and hope on Aethereus, you will be entrusted with the critical undertaking of procuring the The Ancient Skyfall Relics. Standing in your way are the Serpentica Shamans of Ghalia and the hordes of Khagal Tribes they control as well as the oppressive Venatan Empire forces lead by the notorious General Zhorgal. Your epic journey of adventure and discovery begins now. Join forces in online multiplayer cooperative expeditions as the Inventor or Officer while you embark on a variety of story driven hand-crafted expedition levels or explore the wilderness through a variety of procedurally generated exploration quests. Design and build new gear and weapons while you develop your character across a diverse and expansive skill tree allowing for a multitude of character strategies.
Campaign: In the campaign your goal is to follow your boss' orders to take out the notorious targets off the streets. Sometimes it is not easy to determine who is your current target which is why you have to be careful to not to harm any civilians. Gain points by successfully eliminating your targets. Harming civilians or their property will subtract your points respectively. There is a good number of levels with different environments and weather effects. Each successfully completed level unlocks new objects in the zombie mode. Zombies: You are stranded in your apartment along with the starting furniture. Fortunately the apartment is equipped with a computer which can be used to order new objects. The question is, are you able to conserve enough supplies to battle against the undead? Endless waves of various zombies challenge your strategic planning skills. Features: Over 120 throwable objects. Satisfying physics. Dynamic environment. Destructible furniture, vehicles and more.
Impress the Gods! Jotun is a hand-drawn action-exploration game set in Norse mythology. In Jotun , you play Thora, a Viking warrior who died an inglorious death and must prove herself to the Gods to enter Valhalla. Explore vast regions of Norse Purgatory to find runes to unleash the jotun, giant Norse elementals. Fight them using only your massive two-handed axe, the blessings of the Gods and your skills! Jotun: Valhalla Edition features Valhalla Mode, the ultimate battle against even fiercer versions of the Jotun! A true challenge for those who wish to impress the Gods! Features Experience beautiful hand-drawn animation Fight five epic jotuns, giant Norse elementals Explore nine vast and mysterious levels filled with Viking mythology Learn about Thora's life and death in an overarching story Summon powers bestowed upon you by the Viking Gods Hear authentic Icelandic voice-overs Listen to an amazing original soundtrack, specifically composed for every gameplay moment by Max LL Join the Jotun Family: Mailing List Facebook Twitter Twitch
Video games let us take on the role of great generals, brave adventurers or cunning agents. This game, on the other hand, lets you slip into the skin of an alcoholic brown bear whose only goal is to get wasted at any cost. Make sure you have an unforgettable kid's birthday party in this surprising dad simulator and find all the hidden beer bottles. A tool tailor-made to confront your childhood traumas and at the same time adequately prepare young parents for their role as guardians. Features: lovely, colorful, hand-made graphics exhilarating music invigorating gameplay
Beeswing is a game set in a small village in rural Scotland, the village I grew up in, home. Visit the places and people who shaped a life and discover their stories. Represented in hand painted, water colour graphics with a unique, acoustic soundtrack. Features No puzzles or fighting or anything like that. Under 3 hours of content! Stuff you find in your regular day like people who leave their TV on when they have visitors and friends feeling a bit glum! My mum, she's there. Quite a slow movement speed. Old People! Sad bits. and not much more!
Deep in the bowels of earth lives the Skullmaster, an evil wizard who rules over the land and terrorizes the innocent. The time has come to enter the Skullmaster's arena, destroy his minions and put an end to the tyranny. This is a game about running, dodging and shooting stuff. Blast your way through different arenas, defeat the evil Skullmaster and escape quickly to earn a spot on the hiscore.
Virtual Boxing League is a realistic physics and skill-based VR boxing simulation! Learn how to box, build self-confidence, have fun and get a great workout while developing your own personal fighting style! Challenge AI boxers in five ladders, with opponents adopting distinct styles based on motion captures from real professionals! Other VR boxing games are designed as an arcade experience -- We've created a new concept that builds real fighting skills and rewards your boxing instincts! Enjoy 5 additional mini-games when you need a break from the ring! Ball Blaster is a high-tech musical arcade experience Punch-A-Tron is an old steam-powered carnival contraption Bum Rush is a wild banjo-strumming bathroom brawl Body Bag trains your speed, strength, and accuracy Ping Pong Punch teaches delicate control of your meat mitts
Will you escape in time? A-Escape is an escape room game built from the ground up for VR. Working in collaboration with a real-world escape room business, A-Escape brings the complex puzzles and immersive environments of escape rooms to your living room. Features: Dark and foreboding rooms designed by a real-world escape room business Challenging puzzles designed to push your escape room skills to the limit Unique interactions that fully utilize the HTC Vive wand controllers A compelling soundtrack by Connor O.R.T. Linning
Solve the puzzles while observing the entire landscape with mountains, in a peaceful and relaxing sound environment Stars SLIDE is a minimalist puzzle game where you can solve puzzles in your own time Don't worry about timers and points, solve the puzzles in your own time while observing the whole landscape Move the colored stars between stationary, rotating and moving blocks Take them to their final position Zen: Solve the puzzles in a peaceful and relaxing environment Minimalist: Relax and solve the puzzles on your own time Original music and effects: Exclusively prepared music and effects for a zen and relaxing experience 70 progressive levels with different puzzles to solve Steam Cloud and Steam Achievements
InfiniTrap Classic is a fast paced puzzle game for hardcore players. The game contains 40 levels and is available on Windows, OSX and Linux. Every level starts with the player character standing on the start tile. The start tile is perfectly safe-- No, trust me. It's safe. Once you leave the start tile, you have a limited time to reach the treasure before the level crushes you. To complicate things, each level will include a number of obstacles to waste your time and possibly kill you. You can make your own levels! FEATURES 40 challenging levels. Blood and gore can be disabled. Full gamepad support. A full-featured level editor. Custom levels support. Supported languages: English, French, German, Spanish, Russian, Japanese, Portuguese
Welcome to the enchanting world of 'Catch Up'! Get ready to embark on an exciting precision platforming adventure like you've never seen before! Join an epic journey with a brave cat where skill and precision will be your best allies. 'Catch Up' is a challenging 2D game with high-quality pixelated graphics that will transport you to three unique and stunning biomes. Explore vibrant and detailed landscapes, from lush forests to Dark Places and Ancient Ruins. Your mission is to help our courageous feline find the way back home. However, it won't be an easy task! Face cleverly designed obstacles in every corner of the biomes. Enjoy the evolution of your movements and jumps, improving your skills throughout the journey. The original soundtrack will immerse you even further into this captivating world. Each melody has been carefully composed to accompany your journey, creating an engaging and thrilling atmosphere. Challenge yourself to push the platforming boundaries in 'Catch Up'! Prepare for a unique gaming experience where precision and dexterity are essential for success. Master the control of our adorable feline protagonist and pave the way back home in this immersive and addictive game. Accept the challenge and prove your skills in 'Catch Up' - a game that will test your reflexes, patience, and determination, all within a charming pixelated universe. Are you ready to help this little kitten get back home? The fate of our cat is in your hands! Gameplay: -Get ready for the perils of platforms! The only way is up, and your only enemy is yourself! Tension builds with every jump, as a simple mistake results in a long fall - and you have to climb it all again... -Hold to charge, release to jump! The seemingly simple act of jumping will take a long time to master. -Use your mind before jumping! The obvious path is not always the best, and once you're in the air, there's no turning back... The higher you jump, the harder the fall. All progress and each fall are automatically saved. Challenging but addictive gameplay. Challenge your friends to master this test of determination. Hours of frustration await.
Tiny arcade game with plenty of challenge. Master all levels and battle on the Steam leaderboards against other players. Test your skills and see how long you can survive in the Endless mode. Unlock crazy balls like Skull, Strawberry, Football Helmet, Baseball and more! Features: Level mode with 10 challenging levels Endless mode with two difficulty levels 36 unlockable balls Minimalistic visuals and energetic EDM soundtrack Play with either controller, keyboard or mouse Supports Steam Cloud, Achievements, Leaderboards and Trading Cards Tiltagon is made by Kiemura, a game company from Finland. Music by Pointless Payback, Tatu Toukola, Rascal Kidd, Jay Mata and S4mthing.
Enjoy hours of bubble-popping madness with this absurdly fun and addictive color-matching puzzle game! Described as a 360-degree Bust-a-Move with a steampunk motif, Cranky Cat allows for hours of bubble-popping madness with numerous modes of gameplay. 250 unique levels of bubbly fun and frolic! Try your hand at Story, Puzzle and three types of Infinite modes! Show off milestones and achievements aplenty to your chums! Simple to learn, difficult to master and impossible to put down! Also available on Android Market and Apple iTunes! Featuring fun carnivalesque music, authentic old-timey lingo and painstaking artwork inspired by Victorian-era patent illustrations and snake oil posters, Cranky Cat adds a unique steampunk spin to a timeless game.
Zen Trails is a relaxing, simple sand box in which you can do only one thing: draw lines. When you press play, the lines rotate to create beautiful designs. There are no puzzles, no objectives. It's simply an environment in which you can create beautiful spirographs, set to the most zen-inducing music and visuals. Zen Trails is very effective at relaxing and inspiring, as well as reducing anxiety. It gives the mind something to focus on which is low pressure yet still stimulating with a small amount of gentle math and a very satisfying payoff when seeing your designs come to life. And for those players who lived through the 90's, perhaps a little nostalgia if they ever played with a spirograph maker. I'm a solo dev and I really hope you enjoy this little project of mine. Features: - Intuitive click and drag design process - Robust tutorial, including tips for making designs beautiful - Copy-paste - Unlimited undo steps - All possible colors - Unlimited line thickness - Save and load designs - 10 autosave slots, saves every 3 minutes. - Light weight, can run on low end machines. - Very relaxing music
Duloga is a reverse space shooter where you choose who lives and dies. Can You Survive 7 Nights? FEATURING... Seven full levels. Can you SURVIVE all of them? State-of-the-art RGB COLORS! GUIDE a crowd to weed out criminals! High resolution 8-BIT GRAPHICS! Help COPS meet their quota! CHOOSE who deserves to die. Duloga is a game about our struggle against police brutality, extrajudicial killings, red-tagging, and state terrorism in the Philippines.
Empire TV Tycoon is a game in which you manage a TV channel and fight for audiences taking decisions that will project your channel to fame and fortune.You will decide the content of your channel, select advertisers, hire workers, make your own productions, hire actors, and engage in much more activities! It's inspired by games such as Mad TV, Mud TV, and other movie management games, with a modern approach on how to produce custom content such as movies or tv-shows. Empire TV is a big corporation having serious losses, and It can't afford to maintain three channels, but only one, any longer. You have been hired to lead one of the channels to achieve fame and be the one that remains. Features Manage your channel and determine the best content for the current audience. Also, increase your fame and win the war between the three Empire TV channels. Each audience group has its likes and dislikes. Make them happy and your fame will increase; make them sad and your channel will sink into the TV deeps. Buy and sell movies or TV shows that suit your audience best. Also, you can select your favorite movies from about 1000 movies. Don't be tempted to use illegal content. While pirated movies are cheaper, the risk is high and police is always watching. If you can help the advertisers to reach your audience, you will win some money. But be careful: Sometimes, their requests and deadlines are hard to fulfill. Hire workers who will help you to execute different tasks, and each one with their own level and skill. Make your own productions, movies or tv-shows. Distribute your resources effectively for each available movie genre. Enjoy a personalized and randomized movie script for each production. Lots of combinations for each movie genre. Hire actors, knowing their own strengths and weakness, to act in your production. Do your best to keep them happy and utilize their skills efficiently. As the director, you will have to take prudent decisions during the production, and these decisions will affect the final quality of the production.Submit your productions to the industry awards in different categories. Try to be the best and win glory and fame. And discover many secrets and other surprises related to the film industry in the last 50 years.
It's Halloween Night in the small town of Macungie, a historic community in the Northeastern region of Pennsylvania. A sudden power outage has plunge the streets of this town into darkness. As the hands of supernatural forces manipulate your reality, you seek a means of escape. After what seems like an endless struggle, you discover what seems to be fragments of your reality. By collecting these fragments from the depths of the Realmverse, you can slowly piece together your escape from this mirrored prison. The Realmverse is a constantly-changing maze. The Maguntsche Demon is a dark entity with only one goal in mind. As you explore the Realmverse, this demonic creature is out for your blood and will do anything to stop you from collecting the reality fragments. Your only line of defense against The Maguntsche Demon is your flashlight. This tool has limited usability and could potentially anger the entities of the Realmverse more. It is important to use your environment and flashlight wisely to your advantage. The archives provides additional stories and tales to explore within The Maguntsche universe. The Maguntsche Archives is updated with new volumes regularly. Pieces of these stories can be discovered as documents found in both Maguntsche Mode and Superior Mode. The location of these entries is randomized each play-through to provide additional replay-ability in completing the various volumes of the archives. Superior Mode provides a unique set of challenge-based gameplay elements and online leaderboard integration. Players can stack up to three different challenges. These challenges provide additional bonuses to the player's score. Superior Mode is endless, and features a variety of different levels to explore. New challenges are to be implemented in the future, with the possibility of new environments to explore in the future as well. The future of Maguntsche: Chapter One Remastered is bright. We are planning various free content updates to provide new features, gameplay, and quality of life improvements. In the first months of our release, we provided two major content updates. This included a massive overhaul of the game's art, a new game mode, and improvements to the replay-ability of our primary experiences.
The city of Underland was attacked by extraterrestrial creatures. The invaders issued a signal and now many of them are in the city. Help Ivy survive as she escapes to the Earth's surface. On her journey she must use various tools intelligently to be able to dig the ground, avoid acid and go through very strange constructions. The elevator is the transport to the Earth's surface: Dig and dig: Avoid acidic fluid: Solve the scenario puzzles: At each stage, the player must use the elements available in the environment. Use picks, pumps, pipes and many other tools to get to the next elevator. There are few ways to get there, so the player must combine the direction of the path with the physics of the elements to succeed. Thus, each scenario is a big puzzle that must be solved to reach the end of the journey.
Choose Your Numbers Carefully -Collecting as many numbers as possible will maximize your score. Analyze all numbers on the screen to determine the most efficient order to grab as many numbers as possible. Fast forward to speed up the game or move unwanted numbers out of the way. -Fast forwarding the game can help speed up the flow of early rounds in repeated runs or speed up your down time between rounds, if you are daring enough.. Use BOMBS to clear all numbers on screen to save yourself from certain death. -If you are in danger of being hit by a number you don't need and there is nowhere save to move, you can destroy all numbers on the screen by using a bomb. Keep in mind you only have 3 of these. Conserve your ammo... Think quickly, collect an incorrect number and it is instant game over. -Remember you have to stay between 0 and 9. You can see your current value by looking at the addition signs filling up the squares on your character cube. Want to learn even more? Mighty Math is a mind bending fusion of arcade survival and brain training all in one. Anyone can pick it up and play. It starts with a simple premise, collect a required set of numbers before all numbers run out to survive each round. As you collect numbers you will change the player value. You must maintain a player value between 0 and 9. If you go over or under this value range you will be instantly destroyed. Although the game starts off with a simple concept, it contains endless rounds and ramps up in difficulty immensely. Survive as long as you can to set high scores to share with your friends! Enjoy wild randomized runs with varying sets of numbers and traps for a unique experience each run! Train your brain as you survive the mathematical onslaught in Mighty Math!
A Tale of Two Kingdoms is a graphical adventure in the style of the classic Sierra games. Set in the world of Celtic mythology and fairy tales, it features many sidequests and alternate endings. This release is a Deluxe Edition with a new interactive prologue, several graphic updates, and professional voice acting. Travel to the realm of Theylinn as the king calls on his old enemies for aid against a goblin invasion, get involved in intrigue and fairy trickery, and get stalked by an evil sorcerer who has its own agenda. Highly recommended for all fans of retro gaming. ATOTK was named Game of the Month by PC Zone UK, and has won four AGS Awards including Best Animation and Best Puzzles. 'If ATOTK came out during the genre's heyday, we'd probably be waxing nostalgic about it today in the same breath as King's Quest.' - Games for Windows 'A Tale of Two Kingdoms simply blew me away ... This game is a great achievement ... Final Grade: A' - Just Adventure
Ready for a great adventure? The Petoons need your help to face the evil Kitra! Kitra wants to conquer the island of Kimera and steal the Petoons magic to control their world. Petoons Party is a party game full of fun mini-games to enjoy with family and friends. Play alone or with friends, up to a maximum of 4 simultaneous players. The game is intuitive and easy to handle. The control system is very user friendly and adapted for all ages. It combines high quality graphics and fun animations, in a shared gaming experience, to unite the whole family to play together. Discover 7 funny characters, the Petoons, a group of friendly explorers: Yun, Lia, Momo, Deli, Fibo, Laka and Oklo. PETOONS PARTY INCLUDES: 3 Game modes 4 Boards 4 Cups 28 Mini-games Join the Petoons and save their world of magical islands!
A fun, vibrant, 2-minute game with surprising depth, Dolphin Up lets you do amazing tricks with a porpoise. Successful flips, spins and tailslides build speed, allowing you to jump higher and soar into the stars. Perfect your landings and chain your tricks together to form huge combos, discover new possibilities and work your way up the leaderboards. A must-have classic. Features: Simple, addictive gameplay that anyone can enjoy. Vibrant environments that change with the time of day. Multiple characters and levels Steam Leaderboards, Achievements and Trading Cards Quick and easy Tutorial Freeswim mode that lets you play and practice for as long as you want.
One of the best-selling space simulation games in this decade, adapted to over ten languages across the globe. Space Force - Rogue Universe is an action RPG space simulation game, with emphasis on key elements such as ship development, exploration of an immersive universe and freedom of choice. After the pilot leaves the starting zone, Space Force - Rogue Universe opens an almost unlimited space for exploration. Rogue Universe is a beautiful, open ended and innovative 3D space environment decorated with stars, planets, moons and asteroids. Comets, black holes, star bases and floating cities are all available for exploration. As with all societies, there is crafting, trade, diplomacy and inevitable fights. Rogue Universe boasts of an in-depth storyline, with lots of opportunities that will thrill the action oriented player, but also inspire the adventurer and trader. Space Force - Rogue Universe offers small-scale or huge space battles, a vast range of different quests, and a story-filled game. Players will have the opportunity to engage in trading, exploration, fighting, crafting, quest solving, diplomacy related decision-making, in addition to ship development and other activities. The player may choose to view the environment through camera mode in first or third person POV. The player can choose between 10 professions and 14 spacecrafts. Earn money and experience points and advance to higher levels. Since AI has a crucial role in Space Force, it will create a thrilling playing experience throughout the game. Space Force - Rogue Universe features an economic system that allows you to buy and sell commodities for profit. You can also buy new ships or new upgrades for your ship. In the space station trade centre you will find a list of what goods are for sale. Check your ship's characteristics to see how much cargo space and weight is available and how much is already used. Prices and wares differ from one system to the other, so you have to do some exploration and find optimal trade routes.
Join Victoria on her ghost hunt through the USA. Help her fight against supernatural creatures. In 10 chapters, Victoria performs in a match-3 game against the most different supernatural opponents on. Use different weapons in 100 exciting games Levels. Collect gold to unlock new weapons and Salt to ward off jump-scares. Victoria is the first game of its kind with jump-scares. A completely new gaming experience! Features: 100 exciting levels 10 different enemies 8 different weapons 10 different scenarios Frightening jump-scares Creepy atmosphere
Woof Blaster is an action packed shooter featuring a dog with a gun and jet boots in search of a magical pizza which holds the key to becoming King of the Dog Planet. Destroy waves of enemies with an array of weapons, power-ups and the ability to transform into different monsters such as a T-Rex that shoots rockets from its mouth!
The world's first and longest running Persistent MMORTS is finally on Steam! SAGA has been running since 2008, when it revolutionized the genre. We call SAGA an MMORTS because you build cities, command troops, and manage resources like in a traditional RTS, but also go on quests, chat with your friends, join guilds, and trade like an MMO. SAGA is an RTS with battling similar to the Total War series, mixed with city building from Stronghold. Build your army by collecting cards found in booster packs, or trade in-game resources for them in the auction house. Persistent World Design, build and expand your own kingdom. Manage peasants as they collect resources to help you build and maintain your fortifications even when you're not online!. Research and discover new technologies in your quest for total dominance. Customizable Units Your units level up and gain experience points that persist between battles. Collect over 100 different kinds of troops and over 50 spells. Collect loot from fallen enemies to customize and improve your units. Solo and Co-op Questing Join with friends in Cooperative Mode or battle solo on over a thousand quests ! Create and join guilds which regularly give resource benefits. Trade resources and troops with other players directly, using the Auction House, and with trade routes. PvP is completely optional , but participate in PvP for unique rewards including booster packs, troops, and items! FAQ I heard this game is pay to win. Is that true? With the latest 1.50 update, we are focusing on bringing many more cards to the game's marketplace for in-game currency, making the full experience available for free. So pay to win is now a thing of the past! Will my current SAGA account work on the Steam version? Yes, since the Steam version uses the same servers, your account will still work. You can also still use the standalone client if you prefer. Does SAGA have subscription fees? No. SAGA has absolutely no subscription fees. Instead, players are encouraged--but not required--to buy their troops in booster packs. Purchased troops remain a player's property, and can be traded with other players for different troops. Troops can also be obtained from the market with in-game gold. Troops become more powerful as you use them, gaining experience, new weapons and armor over time. Players can customize their armies to their nation type, drawing from over 150 different troop and spell types to find the combination that works best for them. Where can i find more information about the game? You can find loads more information about the game on our official site . We also have an official gameplay and support focused FAQ .
TankBlitz is a brutal run and gun tank game with four playable tanks, each having access to four unique weapons and dozens of upgrades. You blast your way through twelve handcrafted levels crawling with over 50 different kinds of enemies, and numerous challenging bossfights. Key Features: Four chapters, 12 Levels of destruction and mayhem! 4 playable tanks with unique weapons and mechanics Loads of upgrades and customizations for each tank Over 50 different enemy unit types with different weapons, abilities, weaknesses Challenging bossfights and numerous minibosses! Lots of achievements, with gameplay rewards Three difficulty levels for rookies, veterans and crazy people Many easter eggs and secrets sprinkled around each chapter
Looking for a 2D action-adventure mixed with super-powered urban gangs in a post-cyberpunk neon scenario? Well, if you do, Neon City Riders is right for you! Assume the role of Rick, a rad masked vigilante in search of superpowers and companions to defeat hordes of vicious enemies, solve defiant puzzles, unlock new paths, complete engaging side-quests, and finally, free the decaying futurist Neon City that has been seized by a group of superpowered gangs! Game features Fight in a deep and fast-paced combat based on unlockable super-abilities. Explore the open-ended progression and the lots of optional side-quests to complete the game through one of the four different endings. Immerse in the retro-futuristic graphics and sounds inspired in the 80's pop-culture and video game consoles.
The Mystery of Devil's House is a 2D Horror Action Platformer based on the story of the Haunted house called William's House located in Massachusetts which was built during the 1950s. The former owner was mysteriously murdered inside the house 5 years ago by an unknown dark entity. Since then, the new owner of the Haunted house is pretty scared to even set foot in the house because of the dark history associated with it. The owner believes that there is a portal which leads to the Devil's world inside the house which is yet to be proved. It is also believed that various rituals have been performed during the 1980s in the house which is the primary reason behind the increased poltergeist activities. The Ghostbusters Crew: International, which consists of four members, has been hired by the owner of the house to investigate and eliminate evil spirits by performing exorcisms and by various other means. Each member has special skills required to fight against dark and evil spirits. Annie, from Brazil, has a high sensitivity towards ghosts and has a unique power to sense an entity's presence. Ankush, from India, is a competent Ghost-buster, exorcist and has great weapons. Steve, from the USA, is a Paranormal scientific researcher and investigator having the various scientific equipment to capture ghost's presence like Night vision camera, Spectrum camera, SLS camera, etc. Tomoko, a female exorcist from Japan, is very competent in dealing with any kind of spirits. The team of four members together forms an organization called, The Ghostbusters Crew: International. Will the team be able to prove the presence of ghosts and the Devil in the house? Will they be able to put an end to the tragedy and free the house from the dark entities for good? Key Features: 12 Levels to play. Different items to collect like Devil's Horns, Golden cross, Badges, Silver and Gold coins etc. Challenging situations, deadly traps and various kinds of evil ghosts and zombies. 3 challenging Boss battles. 3 Firing modes including Primary, Secondary and Rocket Launcher mode. Play each level as many times as you want. Some paranormal footage will be revealed when the investigation ends. Steam Achievements!
Find the Truth Or Die In Shame and Terror No Son Of Mine is a survival horror game focused on combat, stealth, exploration, puzzle solving and uncovering a gruesome mystery. Your job is to find the truth, before he finds you. You will be hunted. You will be terrorized. Can you survive? Face The Boy He's intelligent, unpredictable, deadly and cruel. He will stalk and terrorize you. But maybe there is more to him than meets the eye... Watch the Lights Despite being armed with the best combat technology money can buy - THE CB 9000, as well as other useful tools, it is advised that you avoid dark areas and hide immediately if the lights go out. Or prepare for a fight, if you're brave enough. Pay Attention Your enemy is unpredictable and can attack at any moment, from unexpected places. Utilize in-game mechanics which may give you an early warning of impending doom. Master the Mechanics No Son Of Mine does not hold your hand, it's aimed at players who enjoy a challenge, but you have what it takes to survive. Pay attention to your surroundings and don't panic. Good luck. Your Best Friend: Join Us On Discord! Come chill and keep up to date with No Son of Mine news on our Discord!
Ruin everything. You are a banker. You want to extract as much wealth from the world as possible--or, at least, more than everyone else. You will manipulate the global economy in order to siphon money into your secret Swiss bank account. Whoever has the most Swiss money in 12 turns wins the game. Play solo against the AI or multiplayer against people who will imminently cease to be your friends. Buy votes. Unlike most strategy games, you will never have access to armies and never directly control territory. Instead, you will spread your influence throughout the globe by purchasing votes in parliament, or selling your votes to incite a military coup. You always share power with your rivals, waiting for the moment when you can backstab them. Make free trade agreements. Re-route industrial wealth throughout the world, from Mines to Factories via exploitative trade agreements. Remember: your goal is to make a profit, NOT to improve the world. Manipulate the IMF. Control the International Monetary Fund to force policy decisions without a regional parliament's approval. Basically, screw over your opponents without them being able to do a thing about it. The map is upside-down Because why not.
Pixel Puzzles 2: Space is a traditional style jigsaw puzzle game, featuring 25 images in a universal style, with each puzzle piece uniquely shaped in a way no physical puzzle could be. Use satellites to help solve puzzles. Launch the floating payloads to utilize power ups or build a rocket and save the stranded spaceman from the barren rocks beneath his moon boots. Features: 25 puzzles in a range of sizes from 60 to 350 pieces. Beautiful images of space. Auto saving, never lose your progress. Peaceful puzzling atmosphere. Traditional puzzle gameplay. 55 Steam Achievements. Puzzle piece rotation. Interactive play environment. Power ups to help solve puzzles.
At a reception organised in honour of his daughter, Melvyn Bromsby, a rich tycoon, is about to make an important announcement concerning his future business affairs when, all of a sudden, a shot rings out. Sir Bromsby collapses, having suffered a mortal wound to the heart... A baffling murder, dozens of witnesses and numerous places to visit around Victorian London. You play Sherlock Holmes, and use all your skills to shed light on this mysterious case. Assume the role of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson and meet all the heroes of the novels: Inspector Lestrade, Wiggins, Mycroft and many others! Investigate 5 murders! Over 40 witnesses to question, 200 clues to uncover and over 25 hours of gameplay to solve the mystery. Explore Victorian London, which is magnificently and faithfully reproduced in 3D. Between each level Sherlock Holmes sets you a quiz which will validate your progress in the case. The adventure is full of vivid cut scenes to heighten the dramatic aspect of the story.
A first person, ghost-busting, VR roguelike Something paranormal has been sweeping through the town of Weirdwood. Dust off your gear and head into the ever-changing haunted tower to return with the Mask of Okeem! Capture ghosts, search for hidden totems, and find powerful new items. Spectro is a ghost hunting VR action roguelike with free movement, spell dodging, and endless replayability. Features Bust ghosts Some channel energy, some throw bombs, others shoot lasers out of their eyes - they all want to get you! Random level generation A unique layout every time, with new loot, ghosts, and challenges to overcome. Upgrade your gear Open chests, find power ups, save up your coins to buy new gear. VR from the ground up Designed with virtual reality in mind from the beginning. Mechanics that are optimized for hand presence including ducking, dodging, bomb bouncing, and more. Locomotion choice Free-movement, teleport, and other options to customize your experience for comfort and immersion. Relic challenges Find collectables and totems that trigger object challenges. Careful not to let a ghost see you or you may have to run!
Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment. The 2D sidescroller beat-em-up is finally on Steamplay, now with improved controls and tuning updates based on popular feedback! Shank will have you shooting and slashing your way through hordes of enemies in a stylized slaughter fest. Embark on a brutal path of blood soaked revenge as Shank battles his way through the criminal underground in his quest for retribution. Boasting fast-paced bloody action, silky smooth controls and a signature pulpy grindhouse art style, Shank is a must-play for action fans. Key Features: Violent graphic novel art style: Beautiful and fluid graphic novel art and animation styled by veteran director Jeff Agala. Weapon-based combo system: String together endless combos of mayhem and destruction on the fly and pummel your opponents to the ground using an exhaustive arsenal of weapons. Gorgeous, fully animated story cinematics: Watch Shanks brutal story unfold through beautiful fully animated cut scenes. Brutal Boss Battles: Over 8 different massive and unique bloody boss battles. Two-Player Local Co-Op: Murder with a friend. Play in a separate backstory in the two-player co-op mode and face a legion of well-armed enemies in the prequel to the single player experience.
A dynamic real-time strategy, tells about the hot battles that could happen in the near future on the eastern borders of Russia. In 2015, under the influence of a major corporation, 'Way of the Dragon', the Chinese army invades Transbaikalia. The unexpected use of secret development in time management, allows Chinese troops move into the territory of Siberia. Your job is to capture and explore the technology for time management, to drive the enemy outside the country, as well as to clarify the origin of the mysterious development. Key features: Time management: the fact that until now has been a priority of such genres as a shooter and shooters, implemented in the format of RTS! You will be able to completely stop time for a selected area or move on the battlefield fighting units of the past or the future of T-34 to the futuristic combat vehicles Realism has happened: The game reflects the real territory, which could turn the battle. You have to protect the railway junction Tynda, repelling the Irkutsk hydroelectric station and hold teams to the Great Wall of China. All equipment provided in the game based on modern prototypes Wide choice of tactics: the intelligent use of terrain and cover, use of the unique capabilities of various military units and the effective management of technology will take you on the path to victor
Experience a mind-bending, psychedelic sensory overload in Dyad! Blast through a reactive audio-visual tube creating a harmonious synthesis of color and sound as you Hook, Graze, and Lance enemies to master Dyad's 27 unique levels. Embark on an interactive transformative journey through Dyad's Game Mode campaign to prepare yourself for Trophy Mode's tactical freakout variations. Or choose to sit back and chill with Dyad's hallucinogenic Remix Mode. Transcendence awaits!
Trapped in darkness, you must use visualized sound to guide your way through threatening environments. The sounds you create will bounce off obstacles, revealing the shape of the surrounding world. It won't be long before your only way of sensing the world attracts a horrifying evil that devours both sound and souls. Survive through 80 levels that will make your heart race and leave you with an irrational fear of red lines. A foreboding soundscape, best experienced with headphones, sets the tone for your journey. Explore, solve puzzles, and most importantly - stay alive.
Rogues Like Us is a hack n' slash rogue-lite unlike any other! Stand against a resurging threat by yourself or with a friend in local co-op. Collect weapons, armor, enchantments, and more by exploring dangerous locales and defeating powerful bosses! Stop the constructs, save the town. The land of Arventous is perilous and combat is fast-paced, challenging you to quickly adapt to whatever stands in your way. Discover weapons, enchantments, trinkets, shrines and more to aid you on your journey. However, be warned, death carries a heavy price, requiring you to start again from the beginning, but this time with knowledge of past mistakes and new gear! A UNIQUE ADVENTURE EVERY PLAY Fight your way through an endless number of unique dungeons! Dungeons are created through a combination of hand-crafted design and procedural generation, providing a unique experience on each play-through. LOCAL CO-OP Adventure alone or with a friend in shared screen local co-op! FIND YOUR COMBAT STYLE All combat stats, such as speed, damage, slam damage, etc. are weapon specific. Giving each weapon you find a unique feel and style of play. EXPAND YOUR ARSENAL Unlock over 150 different pieces of gear, including weapons, armor, enchantments, and dyes for your future adventures! A WEATHERED WORLD Get to know your new 'friends' in the town of Recluse, or your new enemies, the constructs. Detailed descriptions of each boss and enemy you defeat are added to a bestiary in town. Every weapon or set of armor you collect gives insight into the state of the world and pages of a mysterious journal reveal long lost information. ROGUISH GOOD LOOKS Fully customize your character by mixing and matching armor and dyes to achieve that perfect look!
JOIN US ON DISCORD ABOUT THE GAME Fugue in Void is a walking sim where you explore all kinds of mysterious places and dive into a world full of atmosphere. This simulation focuses on stunning architectural spaces and texture transitions. The perfect break from all those action packed games out there. Warning : This game purposely has no saving system. The experience should be done in one walk-through. Take your time. Close the curtains and use headphones. Gameplay The game starts with a 10 minute intro. After the intro you are given control and able to start moving around in the environment. Take your time in exploring the various spaces and music.
URBO offers you the opportunity to build towns on floating islands. You'll watch small houses grow into bigger ones, then bigger ones into even more, slowly filling the space for your town. When you run out of space on one island, a new one will appear, followed by another, and so on until you complete the level. IMMERSION AWAITS Dive into the inimitable ambience of URBO, where landscapes delight the eye and puzzles evoke memories of mathematically precise riddles from ancient legends. You shall create cities that can only be seen in dreams. Dreams to be remembered and to which you'd wish to return. URBO is a unique mixture of visual minimalism, relaxing music, meditative game tempo, and puzzles that impress with their elegant solutions. VARIETY AWAITS URBO invites you to visit myriad worlds. Futuristic cities floating in the abyss of open space. The capital, hidden in an impregnable canyon in the heart of the desert. The peaceful quarters of a small fishing village nestled on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea. URBO is where dreams of distant places come true. You shall see many worlds, existing ones, lost ones, and these that are yet to be found. The choice is yours. ENIGMAS AWAIT URBO gives you hours of pleasant moments of contemplation. Under the disguise of simplicity lies a riddle that requires concentration. The riddle that generously rewards an attentive player. URBO is designed so that its nature is clear at first glance. But it will take time and experience to learn how to pick the keys to all the puzzles. AN ENDLESS PATH AWAITS There's no ultimate goal in URBO. The rules are very simple: build houses on playing fields of different geometric shapes. From small houses come bigger ones, then even bigger ones, and so on. Thus grows your city and the number of people who call it home. Maybe one day you can build a city that can't expand anymore. But even then there is always a new playing field of a different form, requiring a fresh approach. URBO AWAITS YOU ANYTIME Take your mind off work for a quarter of an hour or spend an entire evening playing the game. Run it while waiting for guests or during a break from your favorite activities. Take a moment to pause if you're feeling stressed. Shift your attention when you realize you can't solve an important problem. Who knows, maybe it's URBO that holds the key to it.
Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval first person slasher with a focus on multiplayer battles. Featuring competitive online combat that seeks to capture the experience of truly being on a medieval battlefield. Inspired from the intensity and epicness of swordfighting movies such as 300, Gladiator and Braveheart, Chivalry: Medieval Warfare aims to bring that experience to the hands of a gamer. The game is skill-based and controls like an FPS, but instead of guns and grenades, players are given swords, shields, maces, battleaxes and longbows. Set in a fictional, yet gritty and realistic world, players will fight in fast paced online battles besieging castles, raiding medieval villages and fighting for glory in the arena with up to 32 players. Key Features: Deep melee combat system provides players with a huge range of responsive combat options Adjust your attacks and blocks in real time with the mouse for precise and full control of the action Wield an arsenal of up to 60 brutal weapons ranging from broad swords and battle axes to longbows and javelins Dynamic objective system brings team tactics and strategy to the forefront as players batter down gates, raid villages and assassinate enemy royalty to achieve victory. Use a variety of siege weapons ranging from catapults, boiling oil, ballista, battering rams and more Vast, lush environments that transport the player to a gritty and immersive medieval world. Offline play options that allow players to gain familiarity with the controls and gameplay before being thrust into the action.
Water Planet is a single-player first-person adventure set in a distant blue world. Gather resources to fuel an interstellar ship as your on-board A.I. Gemini guides you through sunken ruins and ocean depths while listening to the music of VIRGO. Upon entering the atmosphere of a distant blue world, you are awoken from cryosleep to gather resources to fuel your interstellar journey onward. With the guidance of your on-board A.I., Gemini, hunt down crystal shards amid sunken monuments and alien flora. When intermittent energy surges disable the link between you and Gemini, encounter a lone cybernetic jellyfish named Aqua. Travel through portals, dive to the depths of the ocean and fly on a hover transport that connects the ruins of a lost civilization. Enter the world and music of VIRGO on Water Planet before you launch back into hyperspace. Developed in Unreal Engine 4 VR and Desktop Modes Both Supported Water Planet supports the HTC Vive with its motion controllers and standard desktop play as well. No VR headset is required, but it is suggested. Key Features Soundtrack and Original Score by VIRGO - Includes songs from Water Planet EP, accompanied by an atmospheric and evolving score that builds throughout each level, all written and performed by VIRGO. Emotive Narrative - While gathering resources on a distant planet, help your new cybernetic jellyfish friend name Aqua. Expansive Levels - Explore open waters, trek over liquid mountains and wander through alien structures across a blue-hued and abandoned world. Interactive Music - Be a part of the music throughout the game and have a chance to interact with it in an unexpected way. Checkpoint System - Unlock checkpoints at the start of each level to resume play or revisit a level. Objective Markers - In addition to narrative guidance from Gemini, your onboard A.I., luminous light spheres guide you. Trading Cards and Badges Collect 15 unique tradings cards featuring scenes from the game. Craft badges to show off Crystal Shard collecting expertise ranging from Novice to Legendary.
Feel what is like to be in the most dangerous jungles and dungeons of this primal world! In the jungle is where you will find a widely varied creatures. - Every creature has a peculiar design with it's own behaviour. Discover the mysteries of the most dangerous caves. - Each dungeon has it own creatures and obstacles. - Unique visual to every one of them. Huge maps full of challenges! - Unique atmosphere for each map. - Each map has it's own enemies and wolf stones for you to find. Key features: - Let's start by saying that you have the ability to literally throw a colossal magical bone in your enemies; - Oh, and a rock that is twice your size as well! - Upgrade your habilities to survive and get more scores. - Beautiful pixel graphics with painstakingly hand drawn backgrounds; - Captivating, weird and original fauna with creatures born from this unique Primal World; - Controls are simple and accessible but with several layers of depth to master; Challenging, precise and visceral!
The universe renews, refreshes and repeats, infinitely folding in on itself. I am made of its energy. My past and future selves are always with me. We work together to generate the infinite cycle of creation and destruction. I exist within and without time, I am inevitable, I am eternal. Time and gravity are my tools to manipulate the world. I don't recognize this world, but I know I have been here before. Transpose is a dreamlike VR puzzle game set in a universe where time and gravity are used as tools to manipulate the world. By creating and working with looped recordings of their actions, players must solve increasingly complex physics puzzles in a mysterious setting where notions of space and time no longer apply. Player Echoes Transpose features real time player recording, allowing you to play back your actions one to one in real time while interacting with your past selves. You must create echoes of your self, rewind time, and work with these echoes to solve puzzles. Go ahead, give yourself a high five. Time and Gravity Set in a mesmerizingly surreal world, Transpose allows players to control time and gravity. Rotate the environment around you to walk on walls and ceilings, experience perspective shifts and multifaceted puzzles in ways only possible in VR. Worlds Travel across 3 distinct worlds solving gravity defying physics puzzles in over 35 unique levels featuring impossible, otherworldly architecture. Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Sidescrolling Castlebuilder. Real-time strategy game. The emperor has lost control over his kingdom! Now he has appointed you as the leader of a new conquest. Battle crazy enemy characters in this genre blending indie game. It contains classic castlebuilding and real-time strategy elements but turns them sideways. Open The Gates! is a sidescrolling castlebuilder RTS game where you build a castle and try to defend it against enemy attacks while preparing your own army. Build A Thriving Castle Construct houses, inns, jailhouses, hospitals and more to keep your citizens happy. Build lumber camps, quarries and charcoal makers to supply your kingdom with resources. Rule and manage your castle. Hire falconers to get rid of rats and place guard posts to catch criminals. A quaint city in the Yellow Dunes. The falconers are searching for rats using their trusty falcons. If they detect a rat they sweep in and attack, preventing them from spreading disease. Prepare Defenses and Attack Construct walls and towers to stall the enemy and prevent them from breaking into your castle. Fend off massive sieges and upgrade your defenses. Use siege weapons such as the ladderman, the catapult and the siege tower to besiege enemy castles. Siegetowers are incredibly powerful. They can transport units onto enemy walls with ease. Explore Beautiful Worlds Construct hot air balloons to explore the skies and travel between majestic floating islands. Build settlements in unique locations. There are green fields, hot deserts, volcanic craters and more to be explored. Hot air balloons are the way you can transport units between floating islands. They can also be used as flying weapons if you place archers in these balloons. This game is a casual and linear singleplayer experience. Available are 26 levels across six different worlds allowing for around 8 hours of gameplay in the main campaign. Additionally, there are 12 challenging siege mode levels allowing for more gameplay after finishing the main campaign.
James Reed is a detective called out one night to investigate the apparent suicide of a woman and the sudden disappearance of her husband, Thomas May. Play as both of these men in this short story-driven experience as you learn about how they lived, how they loved, how they lost, and how the decisions they made changed not only their lives, but of those around them. Quiet Bay Studio's debut title, Gone Fireflies, is a brief, linear experience that lets you turn the story one page at a time by talking with the game's characters, finding and interacting with objects in the environment, and making choices in both action and conversation which determine the final pages of this interactive tale. This is a slower paced game that emphasizes dialogue and story over traditional RPG elements and adventure. Key Features An emotional story-driven experience Multiple dialogue options during conversations Investigate, and discover optional content Multiple endings based on the choices you make Beautiful music by Jeremy Wray, Nicolas Gasparini, and Kevin MacLeod
Once a fabled assassin, you hunted those who jeopardized the order and balance of your home village. Now, after a blinding flash of light during a routine mission to stop a murderer who calls himself The Apprentice, you find yourself alone on a mysterious island with little recollection of the task at hand. Can you recall and complete your original mission and stop this mysterious killer before he reaches his target? Heroes of Umbra is a 2D side-scrolling online RPG that plays similar to games like MapleStory and Diablo. You can connect and play with your friends over a network, or play the game single-player. The game features four major dungeons to test your platforming and plenty of maps, enemies, and equipment to discover.
MirrorMoon EP is a game about mystery and exploration set in outer space. These space travels begin on a red planet and its unique moon and extend across galaxies. The single player part of MirrorMoon EP blends adventure and exploration with navigation-based puzzle solving. The multiplayer of MirrorMoon EP lets players share Galaxy Maps with other players: the first explorers to land on a planet will be able to name its Star System and that name will be forever bound to the star for any other fellow traveler who encounters it. Each Galaxy consists of a thousand Systems: it will be possible to fully discover the mysteries of MirrorMoon EP only while collaborating with other players. Through the apparently indecipherable cockpit of an unknown spacecraft, players will be able to locate and travel to mysterious planets. Each planet has artifacts, buildings, and puzzles on its surface, hidden in astonishing low-poly sceneries. MirrorMoon was nominated for the Nuovo Award for innovation in games at Independent Game Festival 2013 and was also part of the Official IndieCade and Fantastic Arcade 2012 selections. Since then, MirrorMoon has grown considerably. EP stands for Extended Play, representing all the new content that we added for the official release.
Tired of working? You enjoy having a naughty fun on working hour??? Well, this game is for you!!! Your name is Stefan, you are 22 years old. Just like any other fresh graduate with Bachelor of Arts in graphic design, you immediately search for a graphic designer job. You are accepted in one of the biggest design firms in the city. Beginning from the first day, you start to hate your job. Now start wasting time at work with crazy collections of naughty content. Simple and fun game mechanic. Play both short story and simulator mode. Earn more money with a variety of mini-games. Unlock video, story, software, gimmicks and more !!
Description: 'Roller Ball Is A 3D Platforming Game, Inspired By Super Monkey Ball And Ball Race, Dodge Obstacles And Smash Through Walls To Get To The End Of Each Level And Find Multiple Ways To Complete Levels, Mess Around In A Test Environment And Play Bonus Levels That Were Scraped From Being A Normal Level Or Just A Funny Or Random Concept' Made By One Guy This Game Is Made By Me And Is My First Steam Release Steam Deck This Game Works On Runs Well On The Steam Deck Key Features: Ball Customization From Ball To Dice There Are Plenty Of Skins And Colors To Customize Your Ball Plenty Of Hand Crafted Fast Paced Levels A Endless Level Procedurally Generated Levels
Ardus Sheridan and his apprentice John Marrow are negotiators for the dream commodities company Powell-Mercer and have been sent to the seaside city of Ordolus in order to finalize a contract with the region's most recently discovered logomancer, Glenton Dahl. The story starts there as the duo reaches the city limits. What is the nature of the dreamworld that everyone is connected to? What is the true nature of logomancy? Is the emotion felt for a fictional character different from the emotion felt for a real person? Did the ancient peoples of Callosum like slow-roasted brisket? The Logomancer is a JRPG without killing. Conflicts are resolved through argumentation, logical discourse and persuasive speech. Mastering the elements of rhetoric will allow you to make your point to even the most stubborn audience. The people you meet are your 'weapons' and the skills they teach your 'magic'. Why not befriend an old editor and learn about the power of Proofreading? Or assist a schizophasic blacksmith to learn how to Doublespeak? In the world of the Logomancer, everyone is connected to a communal dreamworld known as the Mindscape. During sleep, everyone interacts together inside this strange mental world. The mind is a powerful tool in the world of dreams and the few exceptional individuals with the ability to build dreamworlds for others to participate in are called Logomancers. Using the classical elements of persuasion, social interactions become rhetorical battles. A 'boss fight' could just be trying to convince a store owner to give you a new suit free of charge. This means that stats like 'persuasion', 'confidence', and 'elocution' are much more important than 'strength', 'dexterity', or 'magic attack'. If you've ever wanted to play a Final Fantasy 6-styled JRPG wherein you could improve your characters' Perspicacity, then this game is probably for you. The Logomancer draws inspiration from the following sources, so if any of these pique your interest, there's a good chance there's something for you in this game: The Lost Room, Inception, Dark Souls, Final Fantasy 6, Persona 4, House of Leaves, Silent Hill 2, and the music of two DTs - Dream Theater and Dark Tranquillity.
Adventuress Ittle Dew and her sidekick Tippsie crash onto a strange island, filled with loot and mysterious inhabitants. It quickly dawns on the duo that this might become their biggest adventure yet. Ittle Dew boils down the classic adventure formula until there is only fun left. Experience devious puzzles, timeless gameplay and lots of exploration! Lots of secrets and shortcuts to explore Combine your tools in ingenious ways Beautiful hand-drawn HD wobble graphics Speedrunners welcome, with Leaderboards for all the ways you can break the game
'I have come to tell you that you are free. Many ages ago, My consciousness left man, that he might develop himself. I return to find this development approaching completion, but hindered by fear and by misunderstanding.' Your final gift to humanity, stolen in it's final moments. An unheard of conspiracy spanning millennia snuffed in it's final act, only to be reborn. It's the 23rd of May, 2023 and you are about to end the world. Story You don't remember. A crashed van at the gates of a manor, a dead driver. A cold chilling fog pushes you towards the entrance where the door is curiously open. Reality ends here. Presented in a late 90's low-poly style inspired by the fifth generation of games consoles, Eschaton is a short, surreal, first person exploration game set in the Scottish Highlands. Explore, analyse the environment, talk to beings who don't quite make sense, experience a short surreal trip that lasts until midnight. Eschaton uses an experimental audio technique, headphones are recommended. Featuring Simple gameplay with a experimental, surreal story A short experience which you can play at your own pace A meticulously recreated world presented in a low-poly aesthetic Atmospheric audio including binaural beats as an experimental game mechanic Surreal conspiracy themed lore that definitely doesn't include any hidden symbology or secrets
Jump to dodge bullets and defeat baddies Discover shortcuts and find secrets Talk to NPCs and revisit iconic locations Journey to Lovely Planet one last time! It's not a shooter game. You can't shoot in this game. There's no gun You don't unlock any skills or abilities. There is only the jump button That other 3D platform game you know from the 90's? Super Lovely Planet is probably not like that game at all One thing it does have in common with other 3D platformers? Collectibles There's plenty of shortcuts to discover Is the game difficult? Yes, only if you're not good at it 'Simple' as in straightforward. Later levels in the game can be quite challenging There's a story but it's not shoved in your face NPCs don't keep you for too long. They don't beat around the bush or waste your time trying to be funny Some NPCs have a line of dialogue. Others might evenbe wearing hats. There are a total of four achievements to unlock You don't defeat an 'evil mastermind'. There's no boss fights I have ideas for Lovely Planet 2. I also have a prototype ready Look, I can't really explain why it's not a shooter game. I wanted to make a platformer, so I made a platformer. Okay? You're still reading this? Pro tip - there is in fact a second jump button the game never tells you about Here's the solution to level 32 - Jump straight down, hang a right and carefully crawl along the passage till you hit a left turn. From there, carefully drop to your right and go straight till you reach the end of the beam. Drop down to the platform below and follow the path to your left. You'll find an NPC there who will show you the rest of the way. Don't look for the Mad Wizard in the forest, the NPCs, they're lying to you
Command a team of 5 elite soldiers against an alien horde of 100,000. Surrounded on all sides, you must outmaneuver and outsmart the enemy. The enemy is closing in around you. Your soldiers are being flanked and the perimeter is slowly collapsing under a vicious alien assault. Robotic turrets will not last much longer. Just a little more and the bugs will swarm into your unprotected base. What are your orders? You order your soldiers to fall back to a defensive chokepoint and rebuild your defenses. Sacrifice the forward squads to gain some extra time. Gather your team while equipping them with flamethrowers and laser guns. Start building a siege cannon for fire support. Then, while the aliens are busy, flank their main hives to destroy and capture them. You have just pulled off a tactical victory - but there's no time to rest. The aliens are constantly mutating. One moment your shotguns are ripping through the horde, the next the aliens grow hard, bullet-proof armour. You must adapt as well. Equip your team with stealth suits, miniguns, grenade launchers - your commands will decide the battle's outcome. Features Real time tactical combat A lengthy campaign where you develop new weapons Procedural maps and random mutation system keep the game fresh 21 Human weapons and buildings for you to wield 33 Alien mutations to keep you on your toes Fight thousands of enemies at once
in 2073, the greatest show of all time playing with the lives of the participants to the delight of spectators.The game is really very simple. The player must collect the balls and survive for 5 levels. Red balls give him rocket and green balls give him health.The show keeps on getting harder level by level. Runners , Spiders , Mecha , turrets ,Human clones want to play with you. Every level is a procedural construction and can be destruct a lot. You can become a star of the show ! Controls are classical FPS keys. ' In this game , i wanted the player have fun and fury in the same time. ' BERNARD Nicolas , Developer
Explore the world with puzzles, fancy mechanisms and dangerous enemies! Super Jet Juck is a dynamic platformer game full of skirmishes, puzzles and adventures. Join the heroic team - the fearless soldiers Juck and Tom on an exciting and dangerous journey. You can play the game either alone or together on one computer! So, you are the captain of a special unit of the army sent to the study of an abandoned space station. Your task is to destroy all defensive systems that have gone out of control!
Wacky Spores: The Chase is a colorful RPG runner which combines the strategy of turn-based battles with the taste of directly aiming your shots in an endless runner style. Story A story? Let's see... It looks like Roland, the King of the Bugs, has just stolen one of the Keeper of the Warmth from the Mushrooms. Be a hero, do hero stuff and get that artifact back! How does it sound? Gameplay Each area of the game is an endless turn-based battle in which you'll have to defeat dozens of enemies instead of the standard handful, and try to go as far as possible. In Wacky Spores: The Chase you don't just select your targets like other turn-based games, you manually aim weapons and abilities so that you can maximize the enemies hit and the damage done. Winning a battle requires simple tactical choices like deciding which character to bring in the battlefield, choosing the right weapon for the right monster, deciding when to disable enemies and when to just attack, using items and abilities, etc. When it's the enemies turn they will move, attack and cast in real time and you'll move the three characters together to dodge bullets. In every battle you collect coins by picking them up or by completing quests. The more coins you get the faster you level up unlocking more characters, weapons, artifacts etc, which in turn will push you further in every battle. What you get Easy to pick up but deep gameplay: just pick a weapon and start running. Tactical depth and manual aiming: move enemies around the battlefield to arrange them for the perfect shot, disable some of them or just obliterate them! Unlock a buckton of stuff : over 20 different enemies and bosses, 10 different characters, 12 weapons, 12 artifacts and 10 items that drastically change the way you play. Complete quests and pick up coins: how else would you unlock those goodies? Move your party in real time: position them for the next turn and dodge bullets. Play in a nice, colorful world, full of humour, popular culture references and supercute characters. Full 7 tracks original soundtrack by me!
God is a Cube: Programming Robot Cubes is a programming puzzle game, where you control robot cubes with Artificial Intelligence made of simple symbols. You start with just one robot cube, then you learn how to manage conditions, then get access to tens of robots to build bridges and space pyramids. Key features 100 levels with tens of solutions 10 chapters with their own difficulty curve - if you are stuck, just start another chapter and discover something new! secret solutions for every level and a whole secret campaign 20 creative mini cutscenes and several big cutscenes to show you the world a complete level editor, with image cards to share your levels
Boo Breakers: The Ghostening Join a band of mages, known as the Boo Breakers, and travel to a variety of locales. Cast spells to reveal hidden dangers and expel all manner of things that go bump in the night, while having fun along the way. Entrusted with powerful magic wands, it is up to you to discover the secrets of the land on your way to becoming the master Boo Breaker. Grab Spirits and Trap Them Using Your Crystal Wand Dodge Incoming Attacks or Use Your Manipulate Spell to Deflect Them Scan the Environment to Discover Treasure and Power-ups Seek Out Hidden Keys and Gain Entry to the Bosses Chambers Battle Powerful Bosses Like Knuckles the Lich and Harry the Haunting Explore Different Environments Like the Forests of Evermore and Ghastly Manor React to an Onslaught of Enemies When Engaging Frantic Encounters Enhance the Power of Your Magic Wands With a Variety of Upgrades Work your way through the haunted house and forest to discover the hidden treasures, keys, upgrades, and other mages! Uncover the secrets of the Ghostening and learn how to defeat the a powerful lich and frightful specter! Work your powerful magic against an assortment of wild and mystical beings, bent on keeping you from discovering the true source of evil!!!
Hyperdrive Massacre is an 80s inspired local multiplayer fragfest for up to 4 players. Players take control of a space cadillac and frag their way to victory against friends or can also play against AI. Both modes allow players to unlock a full crew roster. Submachine guns, sniper rifles, frag grenades, homing missiles and bullet deflectors are just some of the tools player can use to create havoc. Note: this game requires a Controller to play. Hperdrive Massacre is best played on a couch. Although its content is family-friendly, it also makes for an excellent drinking game. 3 solo and local multiplayer game modes: Deathmatch, Death Race, Last Man Standing. Plus 3 local-multiplayer-only game modes: Team Deathmatch, Space Soccer and Spong Local Multiplayer up to 4 players 8 Unique battle arenas 16 space enabled muscle cars, each manned by its own whacky crew 10 instant power up weapons each allowing a different play style Viciously challenging AI for when your friends are not around Rocking original sound track
Uncover the secrets of a world lost in shadow . . . SOLE is a surreal adventure game where you play as the only source of light in a world shrouded in darkness. Wander through uninhabited environments, painting the land with light as you uncover its mysterious past. Explore the remnants of great cities and discover the history of an ancient civilization on your journey to restore life to an abandoned world. Features TRANSFORM THE WORLD Paint the land with light and leave a permanent trail of illumination wherever you explore. Grow grass, bloom trees, and reveal murals of light as you restore life across the land. UNCOVER THE PAST An emotionally engaging non-verbal story tells the history of an abandoned world through 5 meticulously designed environments. Collect an alphabet of ancient glyphs to reveal the secrets of a lost history. GET LOST IN AN AESTHETIC EXPERIENCE Heavily stylized watercolor visuals create a hypnotic dreamlike aesthetic while a haunting original orchestral soundtrack builds a rich soundscape of ethereal tones and somber melodies.'
A New Beginning - Final Cut is a cinematic adventure-thriller done graphic novel-style. In this charming and witty adventure, earth is on the brink of impending climate cataclysm. It's essential to travel the world in order to spare mankind and save the whole from this terrible fate. Bioengineer Bent Svensson had to resign from researching alternative ways of generating energy. Now the former workaholic lives a secluded life in the remote forests of Norway. His early peaceful retirement is invaded by Fay, a young woman claiming to be a time traveler from the future. She tries to convince him that she's here to prevent the climate cataclysm from happening and according to her, Bent's research is the last hope to achieve just that. However, his results are on the verge of falling into the hands of a reckless energy tycoon who cares for nothing but his own profit. Together, Bent and Fay now have to put an end to the imminent global catastrophe. Key Features A fully fledged adventure-thriller, tackling on the contemporary issue of global warming More than 100 breathtaking, highly detailed backgrounds More than 20 hours' worth of game time Unique graphic novel style with an hour worth of animated comic cut scenes A masterpiece, written by the creators of 'The Whispered World', 'The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav', 'Harvey's New Eyes' and the 'Deponia' Trilogy
Use gravity, tension, and wind currents to get your hot air balloon to its destination, dropping off cargo on your way, in this ultra-challenging game. You'll have to use your skill, wit, and reflexes, to complete all of The Howler's dozens of levels. All art used in the Howler was meticulously created by classically-trained experienced painters. The majority of the art was created is by Rene Petruliene: all the graphic design was drawn by hand, on paper, the old fashioned way. The Howler was inspired by Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania. The game's locations and architecture actually exist in Vilnius today. Come to Vilnius to see them in real life!
Your name is Moonbert and you are the moon of this blue planet, you hate these little polluting guys living there and for some reason they seem to hate you too. This is a game where you bash the crap out of the planet and its people! Don't worry, they had it coming. Features: Non-stop fast action Full Controller support Original hard rock soundtrack High levels of orbital destruction 5 types of enemies seeking to destroy you Powerups to help you in the fight of planetary destruction Fashionable lunar hats to give you special bonuses and powerups Community Discord Have any questions, comments, or concerns? Our Community Discord is the best place to keep up to date on all the news and to suggest things you would like to see added to Planet Bash!
How can a lady prove her skill in statecraft and get the better of her overween cousin? Easily! All she needs is a suitcase of her best dresses, a box of her most charming smiles, the best adviser beside her and a chest of high-quality instruments. All these will help her not only to restore the devastated kingdom but to make it even more flourishing and inviting for tourists and new citizens. Start this madcap quest with Princess and her Lady-in-waiting and unleash your full talents in kingdom management through 45 unique levels! Epic adventure full of humor Play-as-you-learn tutorial Colorful graphics and animation Timed or relaxed gameplay Charming characters and a lot more!
Welcome to the Womb Room , the beginning of the end. Key Features: How will you live your life? Is it even up to you? Will you make it out of the womb? Is it a good idea to play with Dad's gun? How long will you last? Was life worth living? Why does that blood stained Pomeranian want you dead? Who controls your destiny? I bet that blue stuff under the sink tastes great! Is there a God? Contract a life threatening illness! Puppets! WORKSHOP 47 Achievements! Steam Trading Cards! Would you do it all over again? Womb Room might answer all these questions and more! It's time to live the life you never asked for. 'It's time to die!'
CarX Drift Racing is all about realistic driving physics, detailed customization and tuning of car parameters, a number of cities and special racing track locations, an array of vinyls to design the look of your vehicle, open online rooms and competitions enhanced with new graphics.
You are just arriving at the Monument Islands. Want to go swimming? Or rather take a dive into the deep sea? Or do you want to visit the amusement arcade, do some shopping, dance at the beach party? Fancy some surfing? Or will you talk with the strange old tourist and listen what he has to say about these ancient mysterious monuments.. Discover exotic islands and explore ancient monuments Climb into deep mines and uncover secret passages Make the trip you always wanted and enjoy the tourist life An action adventure as varied as real life 240fps supported Enjoy your vacation!
Imagine how wonderful it would be for you to be in a moment on a beach, a mountain, or simply in a quiet place looking at stars and being able to forget everything around you. Have this incredible experience right on your screen. Solve puzzles with wonderful, dynamic backgrounds. With a few simple mechanics, just click on a star to move it to its correct position. You don't need to understand stars, constellations, let alone astronomy. Solve the puzzle and see a beautiful figure from a different constellation being formed on your screen in each level. Main features Minimalist . No score, no timer and no pressure. Solve the puzzles in your own time and enjoy the game experience. Progression of levels . 50 unique levels, where the challenge increases in each level with new mechanics. Atmosphere . Various relaxing and dynamic environments with a minimalist design. Good soundtrack . Songs and effects designed exclusively for your optimal experience.
You'll need to hunt down a shuriken before you can attempt to sink it into your opponents! The very catchy chipmusic soundtrack is supplied by Daniel Johansson and consists of a curated selection from his 'Skogens Djur' series of Amiga mods created under the name Coma of 3LE. The title theme is composed by fegolhuzz. Eat my Shuriken and Die! only supports local multiplayer . It therefore requires Xbox or PS4 controllers though up to two players can use the keyboard in a pinch. Using Remote Play Together you can play against friends over the internet by streaming even though the game itself doesn't support online multiplayer.
Remember to try the Demo first. Join the menagerie in Four Realms, an action-strategy RPG in an animal filled fantasy world. Customize your Spell Book, then construct contraptions, transform targets, sling spells, and summon creatures on a quest of grand adventure. An unnatural force commands the Wild Magic to creep across the land, causing beast to turn on beast. Only a Warden can unite the animal kingdoms and put an end to this menace. Features Customization: Personal spell lists in the spirit of collectible card games. Action: A grand adventure with combat, puzzles, and platforming. Variety: A large selection of playable characters and spells. Replayablility: Randomly generated world with rogue-lite qualities. Personalization: Equipment to tailor-make unique Wardens.
'Aside from the fishing...there was so much more!' - SweViver. Frills, Gills and Spills! Eat items, like flies, mushrooms and chicken wings! Grind your catch or trade it in for sweet cash! Explore and interact with the landscape via teleportation. Store items in your inventory! NO FISHGUTS IN SIGHT! Unlock breathtaking fishing spots! Catch 33 wacky and interactive fish! Track your progress with the Fish 'o' Dex! Comfortable VR experience. Logical fishing rod mechanics for an immersive fishing experience! Buy cosmetic items. Steam leader boards, are you the best angler? Customize your house and aquarium! Get hooked by our a beautifully silly sense of humour and stay for the immersion!
MAMIYA is a captivating, dark visual novel in which a group of young men struggle against existential dread before the end of the world. Story Tokyo, during the year in which the world was prophesied to end. As we clung to reality, too spineless to throw our lives away together, we met Mamiya. At a friend's funeral, the entire crowd was weeping and mourning, while we thought to ourselves that the death of a single person had no meaningful impact on the world at large. We slept, woke up, and went through the same daily grind as ever. At least, that's how it was supposed to be. Then Mamiya appeared... Before we even knew it, the mysterious child named Mamiya had wormed their way into our daily lives. They slowly, but surely, became something of an emotional support. They'd brought us down a new path. A path that would surely lead us to our deaths... Features An apocalyptic fantasy visual novel 6 different endings 83 gorgeous full-screen illustrations
It has been hundreds of years since the machines ironically wiped out mankind. After seemingly endless competition, the two dominant operating systems formed 'The Agreement' to share the colonized planets equally. Unfortunately, the once plentiful 'crypto' mines have begun to dry up, and so fighting over this critical resource has resumed. Multiplayer VR action comes to The Nest with the 'Ctrl Alt Delete' update. Teams of up to three players will fight over Ctrl points, or six players can farm each other in the free-for-all 'Delete' game mode. Pick your OS! Join the enigmatic Angroid or the treacherous DieOS and battle for dominance. Multiple classes! Choose to play as the powerful 'Sniper' class, moving from nest to nest with a grappling hook, teleport grenades, and a variable zoom scope. OR Play the advanced 'Slinger' class, a dual-wielding pistoleer that can move effortlessly in 3 dimensions thanks to their patented Slinger grapple-pistols. Multiple game modes! The Ctrl Alt Delete update introduces the first two game modes, 'Ctrl' - where teams up 3 fight over control points, and 'Delete' - a Free-For-All death match. Stay tuned for the 'Alt' game mode, an alternating offense defense map. The single-player experience will return with more content, but all efforts are focused on multiplayer balance and polish. Stay tuned!
Two thousand years ago, the darkness covered the world, and the power of the Skeleton King was growing. In order to resist the dark forces from the Skeleton King, humans have ched a dangerous oath with the ancient wizarding people, and finally sealed the Skeleton King. The war had ended and humans began to rebuild the world order. Humans and wizards are constantly in conflict for their own benefit. In the end, Humans violated the ancient oath. The wizarding people were driven away from the land, and they unseal the Skeleton King as a revenge against humanity. The re-awakening Skeleton King, with more powerful dark forces, is preparing to attack the frontline walls of mankind. Now you need to be a warrior to stand up and fight... FEATURES - Enemy skeleton army incoming! Defense 10 waves of attacks in any cost to save humanity. - Fighting on the city wall you will face with close-combat, archer sneak attacks, deadly trebuchets, and enemy reinforcement from siege tower. - Archers and trebuchets attack will cause serious damage from long range. Raising you swords to block these attacks. - Brandishing your swords to destroy skeleton army! - Attention! The skeleton infantry will not always fights you face to face like a foolish, they may roll over to your back and stabbing you any time.
A short reflective music videogame during the Great War. The only keys to play are A and D. One moves time forward, the other moves time in reverse. Featuring the song Transitivity by Julie Buchanan.
Blueprint Word - This is a puzzle game. The game provides a set of mechanisms, controlling which you need to make a word or even a whole sentence. The catch of the gameplay is that you need to calculate your actions, since you have a certain number of moves to complete the task. We support modern gaming technology and now you can enjoy a new, smooth gameplay with new graphics and features.
ABOUT Voidside is a high-octane Parkour FPS with Bullet Heaven elements led by a one-man dev team in which you explore locations pulled out of time all while trying to get a high score! Complete with 11 maps and 4 weapons, you'll be chasing high-scores in no time! Voidside is all about moving fast and killing enemies. The more enemies you kill, the more enemies spawn, leading to insane amounts of enemies on the field at a time. Enemies drop health crystals, which makes for an interesting dynamic of having to kill to stay alive. Enemies also drop coins, leading onto the next part of the game... Enemies in Voidside drop coins, which can be used to purchase weapons and upgrades to wield in battle. There are 2 starting weapons and 2 unlockable weapons, along with 5 upgrades, 3 of which have multiple tiers. Voidside boasts slick movement inspired by some of the greatest movement shooters of this generation. Wallrun, dash and outmanoeuvre your enemies to gain the advantage on the battlefield! With 11 unique levels to explore and learn, Voidside offers hours upon hours of replayability!
Find 100 cats. A carefully hand drawn 4K scene filled with cute characters. The process is short and won't take up too much player time. You can choose your favorite dyeing for the convenience of color blind players. Extremely easy to achieve. Automatically save and read files. There is a local timer ranking. No punishment, easy and enjoyable. You can play games with family and friends on the same computer, suitable for all ages.
June 7th, 1995. 1:15 AM You arrive home after a year abroad. You expect your family to greet you, but the house is empty. Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home, a story exploration game from The Fullbright Company. Gone Home is an interactive exploration simulator. Interrogate every detail of a seemingly normal house to discover the story of the people who live there. Open any drawer and door. Pick up objects and examine them to discover clues. Uncover the events of one family's lives by investigating what they've left behind. Go Home Again. Key Features A Personal Story : Created by veterans of the BioShock series and the story team behind Minerva's Den, Gone Home offers the rich, nuanced details of one family's struggles to deal with uncertainty, heartache, and change. An Immersive Place : Return to the 1990s by visiting a home where every detail has been carefully recreated, and the sounds of a rainstorm outside wrap you in the experience. No Combat, No Puzzles : Gone Home is a nonviolent and puzzle-free experience, inviting you to play at your own pace without getting attacked, stuck, or frustrated. This house wants you to explore it. Fully Interactive Investigation : Discover what's happened to the Greenbriars by examining a house full of the family's personal possessions, and the notes and letters they've left behind. Use your powers of observation to piece together a story that unfolds as you explore. Behind-The-Scenes Commentary : Over 90 minutes of commentary by the developers, musicians, and voice talent behind Gone Home. Access Commentary mode by clicking the Modifiers button when starting a new game!
Of Mice and Moggies is a smart puzzle game, where you play as a cat and try catch mice, rabbits and friends. They aren't caught easily, so you have to constantly figure out new ways to trap them, or play them out against each other. If you want to catch a rabbit, you have to think like a rabbit! The levels can only be solved by being smart, but don't overwhelm you with a huge numbers of moving parts. You can build your own levels with the ingame level editor. The levels can be uploaded and made available for other players to enjoy, just like you can play the levels other people made. You can expect a theme park like campaign with over 100 challenging levels an ingame editor to create and share your own levels to play interesting community levels, made by other players relaxation with the extensive nature ambience a cat license showcasing your proficiency with medals minigames!
Due to a chemical known as pharGONe, the world has been turned upside down. Battle your way through multiple levels, earning upgrades, competing against your friends and more, and find the truth about what has happened to the world. Use a variety of weapons to stop the mutated population, and save yourself from being another victim. Not sure exactly what you are facing, Primal Fears harkens to the depths of the human psyche as you fight monstrous foes alone or with friends. Nothing is more scary than the unknown and it is your goal to reveal the truth... Key Features: Co-op game play with you and your friends up to four players. A plethora of weapons including primary, secondary and other items of use like RC-cars, turrets, drones... Buy and upgrade over 15 weapons to make each play through of a level unique. Play the story missions or arenas that are both re-playable to challenge your skill. A variety of enemy types, ranging from small to hulking. Steam leaderboards, achievements, and cloud saving enabled.
Pixel Boy: Lost in the Castle is a classic 2D pixel art game similar to games from the 80's. The mission is simple: Move the red box to the target and find a way out! Creative thinking and problem solving is more than necessary to solve all levels. But do not worry! If you get stuck, you can always use the golden crown to skip a level. Features - 96 game levels to solve - Pixel art graphics - 3 gold crowns to skip levels - No time limit - No enemies
Unfortunately, there are rather a lot of wizards. If you want to join the Majestic Few, be prepared to enter the Majestic Trials. Majestic Trials is a turn-based fantasy tactical game where you must compete in increasingly challenging trials to earn your place within the Majestic Citadel. To succeed you will need help. A variety of creatures, mundane, magical and monstrous will be available, summoned with your magic or found and 'befriended'. Use their abilities to scout the area and combat your opponents and their servants, avoiding confrontations that could otherwise bring a swift end to your efforts to join the Majestic Few. Discover forgotten spells to improve your character, find valuable and powerful treasures and try to prevent your opponents from doing the same. Each trial provides opportunities to improve yourself before the next trial, assuming of course that you survive that trial! You will need to explore every nook and every cranny of an area thoroughly. Choose a wizard to play from a large selection and customise their starting spells. Enter varied trials within unique fantasy locations with different challenges and opponents. Face zombie pirates on creaky docks, scuttling giant spiders in dank caves, skeletal warriors in abandoned fortresses and much more. There are dozens of different types of creatures to be found and befriended or summoned with your magic. Use the terrain features in a trial to your advantage. Hide behind trees or set them on fire! Discover new spells and find useful treasure to help improve your character between trials. Improve your wizard the way you want to after a successful trial. Do favours for the Majestic Few. They don't all like each other and none of them want to be the one who loses their place to which-ever wizard comes out on top in the trials.
The first two classic chapters in the Soulcaster series, bundled together! Soulcaster is a tactical action-RPG where you ommand epic heroes by summoning them to strategic positions. Use quick reflexes and strategy to fight through hordes of monsters, discover secrets, collect treasure and buy upgrades for your allies. Only you, Soulcaster can restore peace to the land! Your three faithful allies have unique combat skills: Shaedu, the Archer can take out enemies at a distance and strikes with deadly force Aeox, the Warrior can withstand great damage and will hold enemies at bay Bloodfire, the Bomber can throw firebombs over walls. This AOE ability can take out tight clusters of mobs, but beware, as he is fragile Explore the perilous land of Avericia and its wide variety of settings, including graveyards, dark forests, dungeons, crystal castles, magma caverns, and more... Over 50 stages across both chapters offers 3-4 hours of play time, and unlockable bonus challenges offer even more, if you just can't get enough Soulcaster. Join the fight, Mortal. Your time is now!
Prince of Qin is an action RPG that blends fighting and strategic elements in a voyage through the ancient Qin Dynasty. Meet over 70 NPCs based on real historical characters in over 100 different settings including the Great Wall of China and the Terracotta Warriors Tomb. Use a variety of weapons, equipment and abilities to fight for your cause and search for the treasure that will bring you closer to the Emperor's throne.
Save your city from alien invasion! You are a rising SFS Pro star, who acquired mysterious powers from a powerful being. Use your agility and wits to stop the invasion of aliens! Explore BluePulse city! Take small jobs, go shopping, relax in restaurants and cafes, and earn fame and fortune by becoming a Skate for Street Pro star player! Roller Skating Physics! Master the new roller skating physics and become so precise no crazy jumps will resist you! Meet colorful and interesting people! The world of Neon Tail is filled with interesting people, time to make many friends! Take care of your camera Drone Visit Drone shops to upgrade or install extensible modules on your camera drone Modulo. Scanners, Maps, HUD, Photographs, Flashlights, Codex, etc... Learn about mysterious powers! An incredible adventure awaits you, as you discover strange super powers that you will need to master to protect the city from an Alien invasion! Save Bluepulse City! Use your agility, dexterity, wits, reputation, friendships, and super powers to save your city from disaster!
Once our home and record of modern civilization, the Earth is a ruined wasteland engulfed in perpetual darkness. Older than any recorded texts, an ancient evil descended upon our world without warning, consuming the population and leaving only despair behind in its wake. The unfortunate survivors of this purge now struggle to overcome the horrific terrors of the Nocturnal . Noct is a 2D top-down multiplayer survival horror game that blends arcade combat with RPG survival elements. You are a survivor of the apocalyptic purge that formed the desolate wasteland now known as Noct and view your experience in the world through a thermal image satellite system high above the Earth. Scavenge and Survive: Players must scavenge weapons, rations, utility items, and other provisions from the wasteland to survive the harsh world and defend themselves from the evil in the dark. Persistent Online World: The entire game world is persistent. Players may choose to connect to, or host their own world servers which they can adventure in. This allows players to interact with other survivors in Noct if they wish, or make their game experience strictly a solo affair. Unspeakable Horrors: Battle the dozens of nightmares that stalk around in the night and leave their dead carcasses as a warning to others or flee into the wild and leave your fellow companions to satiate your pursuers. Haunting Soundtrack: Slip on your headphones and dim the lights to let the haunting soundtrack from Nine Inch Nail's Robin Finck and composer Wordclock wash over you and ratchet up the tension.
Your task is to draw a line. A single line. How complex can that be? Start with one tile and trace a line to the next, then the next. Each tile you pass over flips from black to white, or back again. Using only a single line, can you flip all the black tiles? The simplest puzzle can have hundreds of solutions, and Unium features over 100 levels to solve your way through. Unlock harder puzzles by solving easier ones, learn what works and what doesn't, and solve puzzles in multiple ways to earn achievements. Even better, use the built-in level editor to create your own puzzles, and share them on Steam Workshop! Unium is a fantastic pick up and play puzzle game that can entertain for a minute or an hour.
The wurm has returned and it must feed! Shed your garments and paint the walls with the flesh of your enemies, for only one can be worthy of sacrifice. The rules are simple. Reach the other side and kill anyone that stands in your way. Deftly parry and rend their throats, riddle their bowels with arrows, or squish their brains between your toes. The wurm cares not for chivalry. Sequel to the indie hit of 2014, Nidhogg 2 builds upon the award-winning gameplay of its predecessor with new weapons to wield and levels to master, head-to-toe character customization, and the captivatingly grotesque art of Toby Dixon. And, with music from artists including Mux Mool, Geotic, Doseone, Osborne, and Daedelus, Nidhogg 2 has a soundtrack so good that even the menu screens are awesome. Game Features: Challenge the AI or a friend in 1v1 combat. Fight for the top seat in 8-player tournaments. Master the distinctive traits of four weapons. Get stylish with full character customization. Ten stages from castles to Nidhogg innards. Alter the rules with over 10 different game variables. Go online with matchmaking and private games.
Do you enjoy hack-n-slash but longed for a bit more? Maybe you like tower defense games but find them a bit boring? Heldric is a unique mix of the same old styles of game with a few new twists. A hack-n-slash without endless level grinding. A tower defense game with more action. A game where you don't play as an epic hero, but as a humble shoemaker who must work together with his fellow villagers to defend their home. Build and upgrade the village quickly before the attack waves start. Each building you place adds unique abilities to not only the player's character, but your fellow villagers as well. You must choose your structures wisely, as there are only a limited amount of plots available on each map. Every villager contributes to your coin income and provides essential help in defending the town. You must help them defend against waves of monsters intent on killing everyone. Do you have what it takes to survive? Build and upgrade town structures each with their own bonus effects and unlocks Defend the village against monstrous waves of evil attacks of goblins, orcs, spiders, trolls and more Protect the kingdom one village at a time in campaign mode Randomized villagers, each with different amount of courage and weapon knowledge Randomized monsters, each with different armor parts and weapons Smash, kick, puncture and explode the enemy to send their corpse flying with rag-doll effects Place explosive powder kegs as traps, or drop them in a group like grenades Experience many rich and unique environments Special events such as Christmas and Halloween that change normal maps and player Bonus maps for special events with unique game play Earn achievements from your success Just updated with bonus Christmas, Halloween and other maps, improved graphics.
Welcome to Broken Reality It is the future, and supercorp NATEM is now responsible for offering most digital services. Your computer and the internet are all within NATEM' s control. Dive into a full-3D adventure with cutting-edge graphics! Solve puzzles, meet wonderful people, find hidden items and secrets! Leave all your worries behind. Welcome to Broken Reality! Features Find passion in our exclusive Love Cruise, or gamble away in the casinos of GeoCity. Everything you need is one click away! Cut ads into pieces with your katana, find secrets with your camera, teleport with your bookmarker and much more with our varied set of tools! Meet a diverse cast of characters and help them along the way! Collect likes to upgrade your account and gain access to new levels! Arcade-style mini games and a variety of quirky quests! Rich audio environments and dynamic soundtracks that match your progression. Non violent action!
Designed by the creators of Magic: The Gathering and the Ascension Deckbuilding Game, SolForge is a free-to-play digital collectible game in which players construct their own decks to challenge their friends or battle against the computer. There are multiple modes of play, including tournaments, drafts, ranked play, campaign mode, and a variety of new events every week! Players can customize their decks with cards from their collection that they can earn through gameplay or purchase from the store. Try it now for free! The core mechanic in SolForge is leveling. Whenever you play a card, that card levels up into a new, more powerful version. As the game progresses, you level up, and gain access to your more powerful higher level cards. Some cards start off weak and level up into powerhouses, while others start off strong and don't improve much as they level, presenting strategic and tactical choices that will challenge even the most seasoned gaming veterans. With hundreds of cards that each transform as you play, SolForge is a game unlike any other. Try it free today! Key Features Challenge your friends or play against AI opponents with multiple levels of difficulty Simple to learn, difficult to master. Tutorial to get you playing right away Unique leveling mechanic transforms your cards as you play Online Play Deck Customization Tournaments and Draft Mode Card Forging System Campaign Mode And more!
'Remembering is all that is left for a being so broken and afraid of what is yet to come.' Reaching for Petals is a poetic adventure about love, loss, and ambition in a desolated world full of mystery. Throughout your journey, you'll revisit past memories. Each and every one of them tell a chapter of your life; slowly uncovering the meaning of your travels. In this purely story-driven experience, Reaching for Petals combines dynamic music, breathtaking visuals, and interactive choices to tell an engagingly beautiful story. Key Features: Dynamic music seamlessly paint emotion throughout your entire journey. Explore large, gorgeous, and semi-intractable environments created in Unreal Engine 4. Philosophical narration and poetic writing deliver a powerful and engaging story.
Hyper Void is a 3rd-person space-shooter 1-player arcade game that uniquely takes place right inside intergalactic wormholes! Gameplay is fast-paced and challenging, with many skills required to get through the wide variety of enemies and tough bosses. This is not a blind-shooting game; you will need to master your weapons and maneuvering skills to beat the challenge. Features 29 unique levels. Hyper Mode: Hyper difficulty but with a Hyper fighter to take on the Hyper challenge! Dynamic psychedelic wormholes as well as deep breath-taking outer-space environments. Numerous unique enemies and bosses... lots of big bosses! Shoot multiple weapons simultaneously and over-charge with a variety of power-ups. Different missions and challenges, including combat, races, traps and speed tunnels! Secret orbs to discover and achievements to unlock! NEW PC-exclusive Challenge mode . 3 never-ending levels: the longer you survive the higher you go on the leaderboards!
Epsilon is a hybrid stealth-action near-future tactical shooter where pre-planning and commanding your squad is essential for survival. Through high intensity kinetic operations, Epsilon is the unit tasked by Unipol to counter Eastern European militias engaged in human trafficking.
GROUND-UNBOUND Is a procedurally generated high-intensity movement shooter with a retro wave art style. It features roguelike mechanics with several skills, guns and abilities to play with, including a variety of enemy types to shoot at. It was originally made by me, solo, in the 7-day BigFry game jam, in Unreal Engine 4, this version is the expanded and overhauled version, featuring more content. Roguelike This is a roguelike, so be prepared for the usual, procedurally generated levels, stacks of enemies, and perma-death, no surprises here, except for the fact that to progress, you must take a leap of faith of the edge of the world. Guns Use a range of satisfyingly visceral guns to eliminate zombies that drop like a sack of potatoes to your bullets, from SMG's to LMG's, ARS, and more, you're sure to find a gun that will suit your play style. Enemies Fight several enemy types, all requiring a different strategy to take on, flying, shooting, sprinting and even exploding, you'll need to keep your wits about you. Abilities Purchase and use several unique abilities to assist your fight, each catering to a different play style, whether or not ability is useful, is up to you, chain abilities together using secondary to further cater your gameplay. Skills Increase your damage, move speed, jump height, and health to become a walking tank, speed demon, pure damage or any other combination. Progression Finely balance your spending across different chests, upgrading your skills is as important as trying a new gun or buying a new ability, make sure to prioritise correctly, as being too weak in an area could cause your death.
We'll always have Paris is a short narrative experience about loving someone with dementia. This is the story of Simon Smith, a retired chef who lives with Claire, his wife of fifty years. Claire is slowly losing her memory, and Simon must balance his love for her with his desire to maintain normality and autonomy over the confusion that is infiltrating both their lives. We'll always have Paris is a wholesome narrative game that explores the lived experience of memory loss, and the beauty of a love that lasts two lifetimes.
The round blue Mellows return to tend to the garden once more and grow the big magical oak tree that have been rumored to have placed its seed there. Build up your garden around the tree to attract Mellows, round blue creatures that will help you pick up things and harvest your plants. Tend to the magical tree and harvest its golden acorns, and grow your garden from a small vegetable patch into a sprawling sanctuary of plants, vegetables, bushes, trees and cute animals and creatures. Start with nothing more than a small flat plot of land and a few vegetable crops to harvest for money. You must buy additional crops and gain experience and money to level up your garden and unlock new and more advanced crops and items. Adorn your garden with decorations and watch as your garden grow more lush than ever before with new flora and get populated by new animals, both in the sea, on the ground and in the sky. If you want you can pluck trees and harvest plants yourself, or let your Mellows do the work for you while you watch or build and invest in new plants. The Mellows will even continue to work and tend to the garden while you are not playing the game. Adorn the garden how you see fit with a collection of decorations including a variety of flowers, mushrooms and water plants. As you play you will unlock new items and as you continue to expand and improve your garden your magic oak tree will grow ever bigger with it, soon reaching its crown to the sky and beyond and maybe even discover its secrets. Features Build the Garden of Your Dreams: Design, decorate and inhabit your garden with complete freedom. You get to choose what and how many crops, bushes, trees, animals and decorations are placed within your garden. Continue to Grow Even While you are Away: With the help of the Blue Mellows, your garden will continue to grow new crops that are harvested, earning additional money and experience even while you are not playing. Level up and Unlock New Crops and Animals: Gain experience and level up unlocking an array of new crops, bushes, trees, animals, decorations, plots of land and even special items such as hats and masks for your friends the Mellows. Scare off Unwelcome Guests: Scare unwelcome visitors from the garden such as Sly Foxes, Grumpy Hogs and UFOs among a variety of others out of the garden by punching them or setting up defenses such as Guard Dogs, Fences or even Bees. Interactive or Sit-back and Relax: Interact with the game by harvesting crops, warding off baddies and adding new items to your garden or simply just sit back and watch and relax.
THE LAST KING'S ACHER Protect the King from evil creatures of a magic forest. The Gameplay Use you bow to protect the King! You have 3 main skills: Flame Frenezy An arrow that evoques flame behind it burning everything in the way. Thunder God Kill everyone on screen with this god-like thunder arrow. A lot of Globins to Kill - Thunder and Flame skills. You choose! - Upgrade your skills to survive and get more points. - Beautiful pixel graphics with carefully hand-drawn backgrounds; - Captivating and strange creatures born from this unique mysterious world. - The controls are simple and accessible, but with several layers of depth to master;
The water is rising! Run for high ground! Can you save the helpless little children? It's up to you to make your way through danger and survive the fury of the tsunami! Doctor Tsunami is an evil scientist whose off shore drilling operation is causing massive tsunamis that plague the small Popoy Island Nation. Play as Barry Shane-Buchan and hunt down the mad scientist causing the tsunamis. There are hundreds of levels. You must navigate crumbling mazes, run wild chases and save yourself while you rescue helpless victims along the way, before the tsunami kills everyone. Beat levels by making it to high ground. Collect stars by rescuing lost children. Stars mark your progress in saving lives, lowering tidal dangers to open up new levels and regions to explore, full of many more lives to save. There are over 180 Levels. 17 Regions in a vast progressively-open world map full of villages, cities, beaches and all kinds of adventure! The tide is surging! The surf is up! Only you can stop Doctor Tsunami! If you survive.
Hotline Miami meets abstraction. Vibrant brings you 'in the zone' through hyper-focus. Your last freedom is movement. With Vibrant you'll meet the cold, efficient, scary, faster version of yourself. Will you like it? The experience is set to be as intense as possible. Game Features: Explore 31 hand crafted levels under extreme time-attack Master the art of 2D combat with inertia Lasso. Each game 30 minutes top 4 Different Endings: but you aren't probably worthy of them Break rules, improve your timings Guaranteed trance-like experience Notes from the developer Vibrant started its life back in 2002 as a short MS-DOS program. Curiously still alive 15 years later, it has turned into a quirky savage arena shooter I'm still learning from. The goal was to make Vibrant as hypnotic as possible. I think it specifically trains short-term memory, as the number of things to remember in combat may well exceed your capacity for recent events. If you feel overwhelmed, try to ask yourself the question 'Can I focus more?'. You probably can.
An alien girl is trapped in a cave and surrounded by bizarre monsters. She cannot fight those creatures, but she can befriend them with the power of love! Every monster will react in its own violent way, but even the most powerful can be swayed by this ultimate power. Every defeated monster will give her gifts that make her love even stronger. Can her love grow strong enough to fend off The Void itself? Or will her heart be broken once again? Face Over 80 Boss Battles! There are only boss battles in this game. Each stage will present you with a random set of bosses at various difficulty levels. You must choose which battles to face along the way to the Final Boss ! Each boss has its own range of difficulty levels with different possible attacks at each level. A level 1 boss can have a completely different set of attack patterns than a level 9 version of the same boss! They Will Give You Gifts! After a monster has been defeated by love, it will thank you with a set of random gifts! Each gift will grant her heart an upgrade that lasts for the rest of the run. There are hundreds of gifts to find! You may not have full control over the gifts you receive, but there are ways to influence the odds in your favor. Fulfill Your Dreams and Collect Everything! The achievements in this game are not just for bragging rights. Earning them will unlock new features to the game! New monsters, gifts, game modes, and even playable characters are waiting to be unlocked.
Survive in the Underworld Warriors remain warriors even after death. Set out on the path to the last challenge and prove yourself to the Gods. In life you were never frightened by the cold, darkness and death, and you won't fear now. make sure you have enough provision, defend yourself and unravel the mysteries of these lands. Do not be forgotten Crush anyone who dares to attack your lands. Each fallen enemy brings you closer to Asgard! Bones, teeth, fur - use all that you scavenge to craft weapons and armor. Build a fortress that will protect you from enemies and help you to destroy the attackers. The Death Priests will issue ultimatums. Will you bend to their will, or reject their orders and accept the battle against their dead minions? Find a way out Collect all the pieces of the portal to Asgard. But be careful - they are fiercely guarded by mighty giants, deadly spiders and hordes of undead. Craft Brew potions from mushrooms and slain beasts to become stronger. Cook the best dishes to feed all your friends. Prepare poison that will kill the most powerful troll. Explore ancient caves Reach the very heart of the world to find powerful artefacts that will help you win the final battle. Discover what lies hidden in the darkness.
A terrifying myth comes alive in Germany! Many years ago a monster stalked the German forest surrounding Castle Finster. According to locals and storytellers, the monster disappeared when it claimed a victim. Now everyone is frightened by the sights and sounds of something large stumbling through the darkness. Can you solve the mystery before the monster adds another chapter to this legend? Key features: Play as Nancy Drew and Explore a German Castle Plug into Castle Security Cameras Uncover Hidden Rooms and Secret Passages Search for Suspects and Spy on the Monster Play a German Folk Tale Game
After Sasha is fooled into placing her hand on an ancient shrine, her twin sister Lilly starts noticing a new darker side to her that she has never seen before. After discovering that Sasha's body is slowly being possessed by the immortal Zahhak, Lilly must furiously try to save her! If she fails, she will have to watch as the infinite power of an immortal lays claim to the world once more in Lilly and Sasha: Curse of the Immortals. Collect runes and attach them to skills to change their effects in battle Solve unique and exciting puzzles in each dungeon Detailed quest journal to keep track of quests Numerous side quests grant items, levels and secrets Find hidden dragon eggs and Immortals symbols for powerful rewards Collect pets and have them fight alongside you in battle Continue your save file in subsequent Lilly and Sasha games
Explore the kingdom of Silverdale in this innovative new match-3 adventure that pairs the classic matching with exploration and discovery, item collection, quests, town building, and more! Traverse HUGE environments, collect resources, overcome obstacles, and upgrade the town of Rivermoor. Runefall is unlike any match-3 you've played. With every match you make, the camera moves in the direction of your match, allowing you to travel in all directions and explore the massive levels. Match over sand, grass, and dirt tiles to clear them and discover hidden items like keys to unlock treasure chests, unique quest items, or items to help you get past environmental obstacles like rivers, cliffs, and overgrown vines. Match shield pieces to fill your jump meter and use the mini-map to immediately jump to anywhere in the environment. Match gold, wood, and stone pieces to collect those resources and use them to upgrade the town of Rivermoor. Every town upgrade rewards you with bonuses like new power-ups and abilities. Meet all the townsfolk of Rivermoor who have stories to tell, like Hadrick, Winifred, and Caius. Take quests from them and help them gather the needed materials for their monthly tribute to send to the king.
Six years ago, the Machine Legion invaded and colonized the Torch City, which was originally inhabited by animals. Rayton, the former soldier in the resistance war, has been living in seclusion since then. After his friend is forcibly arrested, Rayton reclaims his mechanical fist and steps to his journey fighting back. And he never expects that he has been involved in a bigger scheme between the mafia, the rebellion, and the legion. Exploring the Metroidvania game world with a dozen of areas with distinguishing vision themes and level designs. Earning the rewards by conquering the challenges of combats, puzzles and platformers in countless chambers, tunnels and shortcuts. Interconnected and automatically loading game map makes the detailed Torch City more convincing and beautiful. Mastering the Fist, the Drill and the Whip, depending on the situation of the battlefield, switch your advantages between the long hits, the high damage and the wide range, taking every enemy standing in front of you down. Dozens of enemies wielding their unique weapons challenge you with exquisite cooperation tactics, and various bosses with totally different combat patterns provides you never repeated experience. The combining of the dieselpunk aesthetics and the oriental-style architecture constructs the core visual style of Torch City, exposing the world with the intense conflict between the furry animals and the mechanical army from their appearance to the nature. Powered by Unreal Engine 4 with physically based rendering and extremely detailed textures, presenting a gorgeous 3D visual performance and pushing the genre to a whole new level.
From the creators of AI War: Fleet Command. Turn-based tactical combat, with up to 5 factions competing at once. Extremely deep simulation of an entire solar system and its billions of inhabitants. Even just watching everything unfold in Observer mode is entertaining, as nations rise and fall. New-player-friendly ramp-up of complexity as you play, which you can disable if you're already a veteran. Eight races each have very distinct personalities and attributes. Each one even has its own completely unique political system. Difficulty levels split between the grand strategy and turn-based combat portions of the game, both ranging from quite casual to incredibly hardcore. Save and reload your game with ease any time, or tough it out in ironman mode. Composer Pablo Vega's best soundtrack to date, featuring 54 minutes of music and the vocal finale 'Lay Down Your Arms.' More Details Greetings, Hydral. I will be your computer for this 'grand strategy campaign with turn-based tactical combat.' I think that's code for 'we're going to die.' Our solar system is vast and complicated, and I sense you are a little dimwitted -- so I tell you what, let's start with the simple stuff. Like escaping with this flagship you just hijacked from a bunch of angry robots. That seems important. Please excuse my impertinence, but I believe you are the last of a murdered race, yes? My records note you Hydrals were the dictators of the solar system, so basically you had it coming. And by 'it,' I mean the moon that smacked into your homeworld. Hmm. So people really aren't going to like you until they get to know you. Well, only you can use the scattered remnants of advanced Hydral technology, so that's something. Look, I'm not going to tell you what to do. My understanding is that you're trying to form the solar system's first-and-last unified federation, and that's noble enough. But right now nobody wants that except you, and you've got 8 very diverse, very angry races to either unify or exterminate. So... good luck with that. I'll help how I can.
A robot, a poncho and a journey of discovery! Make your way through this wonderful world of pixelated parallax platforming to solve the ultimate puzzle: who is Poncho? The world is ruined; humanity has disappeared and all that remains are robots, trying to find a new purpose in existence. But for Poncho, the adventure is just beginning! Explore an open world full of colourful characters, leaping between parallax layers to overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. Can you make it to the Red Tower, meet your Maker and ultimately save humanity? A 2D world with 3D thinking! Use brains as well as platforming skill, moving back and forth through Poncho's world as well as left and right to progress. Discover new challenges around every corner: platforms that move when you do, areas that switch from 3D to 2D and back again, shifting walls, seemingly impossible ascents and much more! A philosophical and intriguing storyline filled with mystery and a dark twist... An open world adventure, with a multitude of solutions to every area, hidden secrets and multiple endings! Randomly generated NPC characters and critters that react to Poncho's presence make the world feel alive! Seek out and find new abilities to unlock even more secrets hidden in the world! Gorgeous pixel graphics mix with clever gameplay and a beautiful soundtrack to create a retro-style experience that's truly unique!
You're a clone, spawned by an A.I, on a mission to save an alien planet from an invasion. Control a customizable mech with over 100 different parts, gain levels, perks, find loot and discover data logs learn the history of the Ninth Planet. Fast-paced combat where energy stores and shield will help keep you alive. Use drones, flares, and sensors to gain the edge in a battle against hostile mechs and monsters. Explore the dangerous land, caves, and vaults filled with hostile mechs, monsters, and raiders. Find containers filled with loot to upgrade your mech. Mission-driven gameplay with free exploration. Discover the secret of the Ninth Planet. Main Features. Open world exploration. Mission driven gameplay with side missions. Mech customization. top down view. Fast paced combat. RPG elements. Single player.
In the Pause Between the Ringing is a short story from the world of Somewhere . The story of an inventor called Iqbal and of the first telephone mines in India. In a country stitched with telephone wires, it is not surprising to discover that a history of the telephone was first written in a book of Geology. The telephone is after all a noticeable fixture of the Indian landscape. And it's sonorous ringing has long heralded sudden and momentous changes in the minute destinies of its people. The instrument can be found, amplifying the terrifying horns of Babur's army from the ragged edge of Chenab . Or clattering with the shouts of Chalukya craftsmen, that once echoed along the Badami temples. It is even heard across time, like the chiseling of Ashoka's inscriptions that would manifest as an unresolved ringing in the inner ear of James Prinsep. Or when William Brooke O'Shaughnessy believed that, much like cholera riddled veins, these telegraph cables would let him pump restoratives straight into the heart of a troubled nation. In this country of telephones and wires, phone directories become genealogies, telephone exchanges become places of pilgrimage and the ringing, clicking drone of its machinery - a metronome of the sporadic history of this land. Our story is told amidst this tangle of cables and time. It is told when Iqubal awaits a telephone call and his perpetual pause forces a recollection of the terrifying history of the telephone in India.
Soar at raging speed! Dodging and shooting your way against the dangers of the Synthwave skies, compete against others like you in the global leader boards, and leave your mark in this neon-soaked universe. Get ready for the absolute immersion; Realistic flight , authentic sensations. Choose your way to pierce the skies in this Virtual Reality Racing title! Embrace the ultimate test of skill for VR, with its own 3D Manoeuvring System ; completely free of dizziness, intuitive and frenetic! - 10 different Race Tracks! - 5 Final Bosses! - 3 Thrilling Game Modes per Circuit; Race, Pursuit and Extreme Derby! - 3 different Flight Modes! - Fly both in first person and from inside the cockpit! - Completely original Synthwave Soundtrack! - And much more! Find it now, and make the skies yours, in NeonHat.
Dive into bizarre world of Smintheus and take a role of young craftsman Gerald who tries his best to survive the chase lead by his former friend - Lanky the cat. It seems like nothing is capable of stopping this mad and frantic cat, leaving escape as only option for survival. But even that won't last forever - only hope is to rely on ones wits. Help Gerald survive the chase and lead him to the freedom! Gerald the mouse, a young craftsman, was forced to leave his home village due to danger emanating from the local dweller, Lanky the cat. Gerald and Lanky used to be friends, but that quickly ended after something radically changed Lanky. The cat simply became obsessed with destroying the poor mouse without giving any explanations for his hateful desire. With failed attempts to fight the cat there was nothing left to do for Gerald but to run away for his life. Features Majestic World of Smintheus Explore majestic and beautiful fantasy world of Smintheus. Your adventures will cover 4 unique worlds: mystical wastelands, abandoned mines, mountain sewers as well as magical forest. Art of Gadgeteer Embrace the power of the gadgets. With nearly 24 gadgets at your disposal, use them to solve riddles, overcome obstacles, escape danger, fight foes or simply make your life of an adventurer much comfortable. You're Being Hunted Your former feline pal desires to destroy you no matter what the cost. Wherever you go, he goes. Given that there is no way to beat the cat, you can only only hope to outsmart him. The Path of Warrior You're not just a craftsman, but someone who knows how to stand up for himself. Use your tools against those who dare to stand on your way. Survival of the Wittiest The world is full of riddles and puzzles of all kinds ranging from classical puzzles that requires manipulation of boxes, levers, switches and gates to gadget based puzzles where one often needs to combine couple of gadgets together to solve a riddle. The Power! Completing side quests or picking up books will grant you experience points which can be used to unlock various perks. These perks aren't necessary to complete the game, but they will make your journey much easier. Retrospective Sound Experience colorful soundtrack inspired by the late 80s music. Each moment of adventure has its own dedicated tune.
Egglien is a speedy action platformer with a nostalgic retro look taking you back to the past. Help Asteri shoot her way through 40 levels in 5 unique worlds to save earth from its terrible past... Far into the future after technology has developed in unimaginable ways, the humans treated earth with violence and disrespect. They ruined what once was a beautiful place, the earth blew up into rocks and the only thing left was the core... after an alien named Asteri hears a voice she gains her new Egglien powers and is on a mission with her friend tagging along to restore the core to what once was a great planet. Go and help save earth! FEATURES: - 40 non stop action packed levels filled with mechanics to discover and enemies to fight - A retro look that'll take any gamer back into the past - An interesting story with fully written cutscenes that have crazy encounters - Original catchy music - Bossfights to test your skills! - Full controller support!
Hyper Bounce Blast is a stomach-churning retro shooter blended with classic platforming action. Bounce, shoot and dodge to survive the ever-increasing enemy attack. Bring it on! Use the unique bounce multiplier system to maximise power-ups, build your hyper and survive the onslaught! Featuring a fantastic soundtrack produced by electronic musician Quantum Firefly. Features Bouncing keeps you invulnerable to bullets, so stay away from that floor! Totally unique gameplay mixing twin-stick shooting with bouncy platforming action. Dodge a ton of bullets, lasers, Tesla coils and buzzsaws to survive. Online Leaderboards 6 Modes of play, including Arcade, Time Rush and Tournament mode. A very classic bonus round. Full Steam Controller integration, plus Xbox 360 controller, keyboard and mouse support.
Sun Dogs is about exploring our inner solar system, altering your body, and embracing death. In a future where humanity alters itself without a second thought, you must do the same. Skim along the Sun's corona, float in the Venusian clouds , travel the Martian plains. When your body dies , your mind will be given a new one, and you will keep going. Featuring Expansive and unique science fiction, across planets, moons, and space stations Dynamic text reacts to your character and actions Full modding system allowing additions or rewrites to the entire game
Daniel was just an average guy. He was a great videogame player, a big fan of sci-fi movies, and a novice RPG player. In the midst of an RPG, he was teleported to a castle. At first, Daniel believed that he was having a massive hallucination. Eager to keep playing within the RPG to create his own adventure, he decides to go along for te ride until his delirium comes to an end. Once inside the castle, Daniel is inhabited by a mysterious shadow. This dark spirit can communicate with Daniel, but not control him. The shadow has a simple goal: to escape from the prison of Daniel's body. There's a catch, though-- the dark spirit can only escape if Daniel perishes. Struggling against enemies in the castle, with the dark spirit attempting to murder him at every turn. Daniel finally discovers his goal: to kill Harnakon, the master of the castle, and free the Pure-Spirits who are trapped within. While the stage seems set for a typical role-playing adventure, Daniel will soon discover that everything is not what it seems... RPG 2D platform game 200 rooms to explore 7 bosses to kill 70 spells to learn 100 different weapons More than 2000 lines of clever dialogue and pop-culture references Full RPG character sheet, including upgradeable skills Quests Potions, Scrolls, Rings, Magical weapons and artifacts Pets Achievements Statistics, including a worldwide leaderboard Multiple endings and difficulty settings Interactive Castle Map, which can be written on and altered ...and hidden treasures galore!
Jump into Elevated , an action arcade shooter where you must battle to survive against constant, ever growing waves of robotic enemies. Utilize new weapons, face harder opponents, and smash your friends high scores on the online leader boards. Increase the enemy difficulty to boost your score further as you fight to reach new heights. The Firepower Utilize powerful, unique weapons found in your playthroughs to slay your enemies. Weapons drop randomly so no playthrough will be the same! Switch your weapons to diversify your builds and become unstoppable, increasing your multiplier and push your score higher! The Powerups Slay enemies to collect overpowered modifiers to temporarily boost your firepower to unseen heights. Use these modifiers during play to unlock even more powerups and weapons to collect and utilize in future attempts. Learn to adapt and utilise the tools at your disposal to overcome your opponents and achieve new high scores! The Leaderboards Rise through the ranks of the global online leader boards! Crush your friends and become the number 1 player! The Maps The game currently features 4 maps, each with their own unique mechanics and features. Try not to fall from the sky on Hexes, watch out you don't get pushed into lasers on Conveyor, and keep the darkness at bay on Dark Shaft! Main Features: Global online high score leaderboards to rise to the top up! Over 40 unique weapons to unlock and fight with. Tons of different stacking weapon powerups to change the way you play. A wide range of enemy robots to encounter and fight against.
EPISODE ONE Fight demonic creatures, hide from sharks, and shoot bad guys. Explore disturbing dream worlds and alternate dimensions while re-living the memories of anti-hero John Lazarus. As a haunted child with an unexpected gift, to a street kid struggling with addiction, solve puzzles and overcome challenges while unraveling the mysteries of John's past. Experience an hour of immersive story driven gameplay in this first episode of a multi-part series. FIGHT TO SURVIVE Bash baddies and smash all the things with your trusty crowbar to stay alive while rampaging through self-destructing nightmares and parallel worlds. VR FROM THE START Experience an original adventure built for room scale virtual reality from the ground up. Prepare for scares while taking the long, fantastic road for a plate of nachos. IMMERSIVE LOCOMOTION Traverse through vivid and surreal environments by using either arm swinger or smooth motion locomotion methods. Teleporting is not done at will. Yet. ARCADE MODE After experiencing the main storyline, run and gun through the maps as a timed obstacle course. Time and accuracy based scoring makes it perfect for hot-seat and competitive play. JUST THE BEGINNING This is the first episode of a multi-episodic storyline. Uncover the mystery of John's life in an intensifying manner that reduces repetitive gameplay. By introducing new mechanics slowly in each new episode, players will be able to accomplish increasingly more powerful and complex tasks without being overwhelmed by learning too many controls at once. In future episodes, follow John on his quest for vengeance as he discovers more about his supernatural powers. Go through training to master the skills to fight and disarm enemies in close quarters combat. Learn to create portals and travel between alternate dimensions at will. Find the culprits responsible for destroying his family and make them pay. WARNING This game is for mature audiences only. It contains adult language, profanity, graphic violence, scenes of suicide, drug use, partial nudity, alcohol use, and smoking.
Flatulence Girl is a 3D game with five stages that offer various challenges, including finding a way through a maze, dodging obstacles, and battling dragons. Submarine Search The player must travel to the beach and use flatulence to reach the submarine. Along the way, they must avoid various obstacles by stepping on coral and fish. This stage is the most suitable tutorial for understanding 'Flatulence Girl'. Shark Island The goal is to eat broccoli, use flatulence to fly up to the sky, and arrive at the Enchanted Forest. In this stage, sharks will jump out of the sea, and huge birds will appear in the sky, increasing the game's difficulty. Forest of Dreams This is a maze game where you must follow the hints on the sign and head towards the direction of Mars to win. Along the way, various animals will appear and attack you if you go in the wrong direction. Each of these animals has a specific attack pattern, so it can be difficult to defeat them if you don't know it. Sky Concert This is a resting area for tired players. Once you reach the save point, there's a surprising event waiting for you, so enjoy it enough before heading towards the red bird. Dragon Training This game is about avoiding the dragon's attacks for 200 seconds. The dragon is designed with various skills, such as flame attacks, electric attacks, and ice attacks, to increase the user's fun.
The world is afflicted with a mysterious disease known as 'The Enigma.' Chester, infected with this disease, finds himself washed onto a lonely island, Carlyle. As he is being given a tour of the island by the girl who nursed him back to health, Chester finds himself feeling that something is off. There are no doctors from the mainland. Not only is there no information of the outside world, but the inhabitants seem entirely oblivious of the worldwide epidemic. ---It's as if this place has been completely removed from the rest of the world. After a while, Chester finds a conspicuous white forest in the middle of a green expanse. 'That forest devours people. That's what I believe.' The forest's name is Enigma. The same as the disease consuming his body. Features: Unravel the mysteries of a fantasy world Multiple Endings Beautiful original soundtrack
Experience a working day as medieval German plague doctor Oswald Keller. Make diagnoses, prescribe treatments, and even perform surgery. You'll also have to face popular ignorance and stand up to superstition. It's dangerous work, but it's your only chance at finding the cause of the Black Death. The Plague Doctor of Wippra is a short point-and-click adventure filled with medical puzzles, medieval period detail, and beautiful, hand-drawn pixel art. Expect interesting characters, a gripping story, and captivating gameplay in a historical setting with contemporary resonance. Features Moody medieval setting with believable characters Rich atmosphere and nuanced storytelling Gorgeous, painterly, low-res pixel art Puzzles with real-life historical and medical context Choices matter and drive the story, with multiple endings The feeling of a retro adventure in a modern presentation Contains no bad jokes
This game invites you to an action-packed adventure. With interesting episode designs, a different adventure will be waiting for you in each episode. Now, are you ready to hit all enemies? In the game you are in charge of a secret military base, and you are a scientist working in a laboratory. Many scientific researches are carried out in this facility. Communicating with aliens is one of them. Efforts to communicate with aliens are successful, and aliens come to earth and take over this military base and kill everyone. You are the only survivors and you take this as a mission to yourself to send these aliens where they belong. Different enemies, different weapons and different locations will be waiting for you in each level. Note: You need to get the key to unlock the locked doors, after you get the key, go to the locked door and press enter. If the door does not open, use the key on a different door.
Barney is down on his luck. He has lost his job and now it looks like he might lose his one true love too. It is time to take matters into your own hands. Do you have what it takes to save the day? This is an Indie game without any financial backing.
A strange signal... an alien craft... an interplanetary, gravity-defying journey through space and time. On the anniversary of the Jupiter disaster, an alien signal transmits construction blueprints for an alien craft, which humanity builds, called Exo One. Master a truly alien traversal system and move through enigmatic and desolate alien landscapes in ways you've never experienced. Control gravity itself and build momentum to reach colossal speeds and exhilarating heights. Ride thermal updrafts into boiling cloud formations, careen down hillsides and launch off mountain tops, all the time drifting toward the shining blue beam on the horizon. Atmospheric, diffused visuals are merged with otherworldly sound effects and a hypnotic electric guitar soundtrack. Pilot your craft on mankind's first voyage outside the solar system, and go on an interplanetary journey across space and time.
The two popular mobile game Give It Up! and Give It Up! 2 have been added together to form a new title specifically made for the PC. In Give It Up! Plus, you are playing with Blob, cheerfully singing and bouncing trough unforgiving stages without stopping. Jump with the rhythm of the music to avoid the spikes, steps and other crazy obstacles. Stages Conquer over 60 challenging stages. Play on any of the classic levels or try out the multi layered tracks from Give It Up! 2. Choose your own path carefully among the multiple difficulty tiers. Aim higher for the most challenge and discover the hidden areas for extra rewards. Test your skills on the Daily Challenge that changes every day. Music Select the music you want to bounce to from the 18 original songs. Featuring interactive multi-layered soundtrack that transforms dynamically during the game. Including songs from the other four Give It Up! games. PC specific features Experience the needle sharp 4K graphics redrawn from scratch. Full controller support for those who want to lean back and play. Mouse and customizable keyboard controls. Adjusted UI for the big picture. Options screen! Characters Play with any of the adorable black blobs and slimes. Many of them have unique moans and shouts. Collect coins from the Daily Challenge then spin the blob machine to get one. You can even craft your favorite character from blob tokens.
Can you make it to the lowest level of the dungeon? A magical potion store stands alone in a forest on the outskirts of town. Its shopkeeper - the self proclaimed 'Witchling' Pastel - murmured to herself one day: 'Arrgh I can't be bothered with stocking up on ingredients all the time! Can't somebody else do it for me?!' A shady-looking customer had overheard her: 'So you wish to be able to easily stock up on potion ingredients, eh?' The following morning, inside the shop was a mysterious underground dungeon, filled with organic matter. Pastel was furious that someone had dug a dungeon in the shop without her permission! So she prepared herself to make an underground investigation... Create potions and power up!! Exploration and battles are all automated! You just need to focus on powering up Pastel! A simple, yet intuitive game system. A game that feels good to play! Exciting music and effects. A delightful story with distinctive characters. Includes a HARD mode! Try not to lose...
Sometimes: Success Requires Sacrifice, the title says it all! You get thrown into a dark room, with no light to be found anywhere! Are you willing to end your life to light the way for the next generation to proceed further? Play it today and find out! Sometimes features a classic mode, as well as several minigames to keep you entertained! Several in-game achievements and a statistics tracker will accompany you throughout your journey so that you can see how sacrificial you have been.
Terraform is a relaxing turn based puzzle game set in the future. Alter over 200 planets to allow settlements and forests to survive. Planets are made of hexagonal tiles that can be altered using many different tools and weather conditions. Use rain weather to fill a dried out lake with water, hot weather to prevent forests from expanding too far or burn them down, spread deserts and more. Key Features 220 Planets to solve! 13 unique hexagon tiles, including mountains, water, soil, forests, deserts, settlements and volcanoes 4 weather types! Fair, rain, hot, and snow! 13 different tools to alter the environment, including forest seeds, settlers and asteroids Level Editor Steam workshop integration. Make, share, download and play community planets Turn-based gameplay. Sit back, relax and think about your next move Natural disasters like forest fires and hurricanes Take yourself through University, your first job and finally take down the big corporations by yourself Terraform ratings and online leaderboards. Clear levels more effectively to increase your score Create Natural disasters like forest fires and hurricanes and use them to Terraform planets to reach your goal of becoming the most renown Terraformer in the Galaxy. Different tools can be used like, shovels to dig a path for water to flow, plants to create forests, asteroids to create huge craters to fill with water, the windwaker to change the wind direction and many more. Compare your Terraform rating with others online. On each level you can see what the best online record is as well as upload your total score and compare on the leader-boards.
Empower is a physics based multiplayer VR PC arena sandbox in which you can fight with firearms and melee weapons against or with AI and other players in different modes. All of this takes place in zero gravity and ground based arenas. You can switch between PC and VR mode at any time without restarting the game. You can change almost everything during the round without having to create a new lobby. Be it the mode itself, or the number of AIs and their difficulty or how many players and spectators are allowed to join and more. The arena also offers training opportunities as there is a complex AI that can block projectiles and parry swords, evade dangerous attacks and act tactically. Of course, you also have the ability to block projectiles or enemy weapons because everything is based on physics. This opens up a new world for physics-based sword fighting against real players.
Winner of Best Game at the 2020 BAFTA Games Awards and named Game of the Year 2019 by Giant Bomb, Polygon, Eurogamer, and The Guardian, Outer Wilds is a critically-acclaimed and award-winning open world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop. Welcome to the Space Program! You're the newest recruit of Outer Wilds Ventures, a fledgling space program searching for answers in a strange, constantly evolving solar system. Mysteries of the Solar System... What lurks in the heart of the ominous Dark Bramble? Who built the alien ruins on the Moon? Can the endless time loop be stopped? Answers await you in the most dangerous reaches of space. A World That Changes Over Time The planets of Outer Wilds are packed with hidden locations that change with the passage of time. Visit an underground city before it's swallowed by sand, or explore the surface of a planet as it crumbles beneath your feet. Every secret is guarded by hazardous environments and natural catastrophes. Grab Your Intergalactic Hiking Gear! Strap on your hiking boots, check your oxygen levels, and get ready to venture into space. Use a variety of unique gadgets to probe your surroundings, track down mysterious signals, decipher ancient alien writing, and roast the perfect marshmallow.
The town of Moonbury has always been wary of the advances of the outside world, preferring to rely on their traditional methods of healing. Until one day, when the mayor's daughter falls ill, and the local witch doctor can do nothing to help her, they are forced to look outside their small community for help. The Medical Association decides to send their most accomplished chemist - you - to help cure the mayor's daughter and convince the residents of Moonbury of the wonders of modern alchemy. Gain their trust and tend to each person when they fall ill in this open-ended sim RPG. Take care of residents. Moonbury has around 30 unique inhabitants who will occasionally fall ill and call for your aid. Sick residents will have their schedules interrupted while they recuperate in bed. Diagnose symptoms and find a cure! Hmm... a low heart rate and a bloated liver. Shoulder cramps, perhaps? No, these are sure signs of burning lungs. This patient has been consuming too much gelatin! Easily remedied; you'll just need to craft some Minty Goblet. Gather ingredients out in the world. Once you've decided on a potion, ointment, or salve, gather ingredients from the surrounding environment using your tools. Upgrade your hammer, axe, and sickle for new swings and attacks to help with your day-to-day tasks. Watch out for changing weather conditions! You may find yourself caught out in the rain, a freezing blizzard, or even the baking heat of a desert. Confront nasty monsters for their materials. Sometimes you won't be able to gather the materials you need as easily as harvesting a berry bush, and you'll need to turn your trusty tools into weapons to collect materials from the monsters prowling the nearby wilderness. Combat is in real-time and, since you're a chemist, you'll be able to brew various concoctions to buff yourself or inflict status ailments on your adversaries, as well as various tools to aid you. Brew remedies in your cauldron. The ingredients you gather can be mixed in your cauldron to brew medicine, vitamins, and more. As you become more experienced, higher-level recipes will become available, requiring more ingredients but bestowing stronger effects. Enhance your cauldron to concoct more ingredients into your recipes for these more advanced remedies. Build relationships with the townsfolk. It'll take a little while, but your patients' health will be much better thanks to your efforts. Your reputation with them will increase, and they'll open up to you a little more. You may even find yourself growing particularly close to certain bachelors or bachelorettes. Upgrade the town and surrounding areas. Building relationships with townsfolk increases your approval rating allowing you to improve the area by improving public buildings and expanding the explorable areas around the town. You can also craft and buy new furniture to give your home a personal touch! Enjoy the peace and quiet of the countryside. In the downtime between treating the community's ailments, you'll be able to freely explore in and around Moonbury. Get to know the inhabitants a little better, take a rest in the tavern, or go fishing to catch something for dinner. Moonbury is a delightfully charming location where time seems a little slower and life is just a little more relaxed than the big city. While the lighting will change throughout the day, with the bright sun streaking across the meadows in the morning and street lamps illuminating the town in the early evening, there are no time limits for game objectives. You are free to go at your own pace and take it easy. Spend time with a faithful companion. You didn't relocate to Moonbury alone! With you every step of the way is your loyal dog companion. Your pet can help you locate hidden items and point you in the direction of residents as they go about their day.
'Something that shouldn't be happened, the person who shouldn't die died' Hell has been calm for thousands of years. Until he comes.... A child opened his eyes in hell abruptly. He couldn't remember who he was or where he came from. He had to find his memories and figure out what he was doing there. To do this, however, he had to visit the seven gates of hell and had to overcome tasks assigned to him in there without questioning. So, what would you do if you opened your eyes in hell. Would you choose to escape or accept? A relentless adventure awaits you... Features The game completely English language support. Are you ready for small but difficult traps to be given to you in hell? The game can work in any system. The enormous story of the game will make you feel emotions from emotions.
FreedroidRPG is an open source role playing game. The game tells the story of a world destroyed by a conflict between robots and their human masters. Play as Tux in a quest to save the world from the murderous rebel bots who know no mercy. You get to choose which path you wish to follow, and freedom of choice is everywhere in the game. FreedroidRPG features a real time combat system with melee and ranged weapons, fairly similar to the proprietary game Diablo. There is an innovative system of programs that can be run in order to take control of enemy robots, alter their behavior, or improve one's characteristics. You can use over 50 different kinds of items and fight countless enemies on your way to your destiny. An advanced dialog system provides story background and immersive role playing situations. The game is complete, fully playable, and can provide about 12 hours of fun. While release 1.0 is stable, it is still being actively developed, and help is welcome in many areas. People having - or trying to acquire - programming, map editing, or writing skills will find FreedroidRPG to be an exciting, fast-moving project in which they can fully express their creativity.
A terrifying horror RPG experience. MYTHOS: THE BEGINNING is a survival horror role playing game based on the pulp-horror and monster movies of the 1930s. Set in London in 1934, Mythos tasks you with creating your own paranormal investigator from scratch and guiding them through a frightening exploration of the infamous Harborough Asylum. Three young university students have vanished while attempting to conduct a scientific survey of this dreaded place, and it's up to you to find them! Throughout the night you'll discover Harborough Asylum's reputation is more than an urban legend, and you'll have to fight for your life against otherworldly Lovecraftian foes. Features: Blends traditional survival horror gameplay with an old school tabletop-style RPG experience, complete with dialogue trees, non-combat skills and dice rolls. Create your character from scratch. Choose their gender, background and profession, and then role play them. Will you be a square jawed investigator, or an intrepid journalist? Pen and paper RPG inspired character advancement system. Levels are gone forever! Spend EXP directly to buy stats and skill increases. Multiple ways to play the game! Don't want to fight the enemies? You don't have to! Gain EXP for correctly utilizing non-combat skills such as Persuade and Occult Lore. A Terrifying Gothic Horror storyline that pays homage to the monster movie classics of the 1930s with meaningful choices and multiple endings to discover. The Director's Cut edition also includes the following additional content: Overhauled and rebalanced gameplay mechanics. Tons of new skill checks and more ways to progress through the game. New and rewritten dialogues. New rooms containing new items and scares. Edge of Madness expansion integrated into the base game.
Kavel is an accessible action-puzzle game. Tetrominos from classic block games together with your favorite match-3 obsession make this a fresh new puzzle experience. Rotate and drag the Tetromino to place it onto the puzzle grid. Release to create the match. Watch the score rack up and the board adapt. An endless possibility space where you can test your mettle. Attempt for the highest score among your friends or attempt the challenge of the long list of achievements. There's something here for everyone. THREE SEPARATE GAME MODES CASUAL MODE Take your time, plan your strategies and execute at your own pace. The next 50 shapes are yours to command. FRENZY MODE The pressure is on! The next 90 seconds are a frantic mad dash straight to the top of score mountain. No time to think, only to rise to the challenge. ZEN MODE Feeling the stress of the day? Is the weather getting you down? Boring meeting? This is where you zone out. There is no end, no obligations, this is digital bubble wrap. FRESH BUT FAMILIAR Kavel is a game that seems familiar but is in fact a truly unique and fresh matching experience. New gameplay ideas to challenge you with some of the play elements that you already know. Let yourself be surprised. DESIGNED FOR LONGEVITY Easy to play, hard to master. A layered score system, designed to engage you time after time as you learn the subtleties of storming the leaderboards. ACHIEVEMENTS AND LEADERBOARDS Full integration of achievements and leaderboards. Carefully designed achievements to playfully teach and surprise you. Approaching play from new perspectives. BEAUTIFUL COLOR PALETTES - INCLUDING DARK MODE PALETTES Style Kavel the way you like, all themes are created and perfected for an optimal play experience. Dip your finger in the paint and let's go! PLAYFUL DESIGN Minimal design language for optimal play experience. Instantly take in the puzzle board for split second decisions. BESPOKE AUDIO A fun and lively audio experience that really pops. With music specially composed for Kavel to support the game's varied modes. OPTIMIZED Runs smoothly on every device. COLORBLIND-FRIENDLY The game does not rely on color and is playable with any form of color blindness. Further includes multiple color palettes optimized for any form of color blindness.
The beloved Flash RPG series played by millions lives again in an all-new adventure that's not a sequel or a simple remake. When Sonny returns from the dead without his memories, he finds himself caught between the conflict of a seemingly endless horde of mutated monstrosities and a mysterious paramilitary force. With the help of some unlikely allies, he will discover his destiny is greater than he expected, and maybe save the world. Sonny is a challenging turn-based, combat-focused RPG where unlocking and combining the effects of new skills and abilities is required to topple foes with an enormous amount of power. Sonny is designed for cunning and creativity with an emphasis on strategy and difficulty as the gameplay evolves. Featuring stunning artwork by Jet Kimchrea and an engrossing original score by David Orr. Engaging, mysterious storyline full of secrets, conspiracies, and zombies. Combat-focused gameplay with an intuitive interface. Battles with an emphasis on strategy... think your way through it, don't grind. Intriguing party members with their own unique abilities. Upgrade and enhance your equipment to grow even more powerful.
The World of Haiku takes you through an amazing cyberpunk RPG adventure in a world where the only way you will survive is to constantly learn new hacking skills. Set in a highly digitized society where giant megacorporations and covert government agencies fight for control, play the part of freelance hacker team operatives that work in the shadows of the Grid. With each mission, you will gain a core understanding of how the real Linux operating system works and how to control true-to-life cyber tools like JohnTheRipper, Hydra, Nmap, Ping, SSH, and many more. Everything you learn in the game powers you up even more in real life. Surf the Grid, hack into Megacorps and decide your path in the game and in the real world.
Only you can destroy the evil space baddies and rescue the King of the Earth's beloved biscuit tin! Blast your way through 28 varied levels full of enemies, traps, lasers and explosions in Son of Scoregasm, the fantastic new shoot-em-up from Charlie's Games. Save the galaxy, rescue the biscuits, defeat the boss contraptions and challenge the world on the online leaderboards. Features Fun and frantic twin stick gameplay 28 varied levels 7 different endings Expert difficulty for expert players Full Controller support Online rankings Biscuits!
From the creators of Gazmatera: Return of the Generals! December 24th is a fast-paced classic FPS, inspired by the Quake 2 and Team Fortress. Collect crates to earn bonuses, destroy your enemies with 9 types of weapons and play with your friends with support up to 18 players on one map!
After two and a half years, Digital Crafter presents Fight of Steel! A whole new type of fighting game, a spiritual sequel to Fight of Animals. Fight of Steel: Infinity Warrior In the distant future, humans no longer exist. Now, robots rule the world. You wake up in a ruined site and have no memory of what happened to you, facing an unknown world and enemies; Fight your way through the Tower to find the truth. Unlike traditional fighting games, Fight of Steel free characters from assigned move sets. Players can decide the basic moves by choosing 'Combat Stance' and selecting the 'Martial Art Chips' they like; you can even customize the appearance of the fighters to build your own. Fight of Steel is a spiritual sequel to Fight of Animals in control and command designs. Simple designs for more players to enjoy the refreshing experience of fighting games; Special move inputs are designed as command normals, a directional input along with the appropriate attack button, and Supers are triggered with one button. Players won't be troubled with 'circle motions' and can get a hang of fighting more quickly. Based on simple input systems, Fight of Steel added 'EX moves', enhanced special moves, to the game. And with the whole new OVERDRIVE feature further deepens the game for players to explore. Yes, we use Rollback Net Code for our games. With the know-how, we acquired in developing Fight of Gods and Fight of Animals. We won't let you down this time! This time we added a rank system to online matches. We hope people who like PVP enjoy it. Who says stories don't matter in fighting games? In Story Mode, you will play as a martial artist with his memory lost. Facing an unknown world and enemies, fight your way through the Tower to find the truth! You will unlock different endings with different winning conditions. In Fight of Steel, we designed a Challenge Mode that focused on 'Stat Composition' and 'Part Collecting.' In Challenge Mode, every part of a STEEL is with stat and property variations. Players will get different parts through combats. Build a STEEL according to your opponent's weakness and win all the prizes on the way! Join Fight of Steel now! Build Fighters of your own!
Warships On The Halloween Night is an extreme Top Down Arcade Shooter game based on the naval war which broke out between the Human beings and the Living Pumpkins. During the early 2000s, the living pumpkins were spotted for the first time in the forest of North Carolina. There were many conspiracy theories regarding the mysterious appearance of the Living Pumpkins also known by the name 'Pumpkin Man' or 'Pumpkin bots'. It was assumed that these Pumpkin Bots were some sort of extraterrestrial beings who appeared for the very first time during the Halloween Night. However, they were secretly building their underground military base somewhere in the US. It was reported that they were building modern warships and turrets in secrecy. As soon as the US Government came to know about that secret underground base the US navy had been instructed to take a deep dive into the matter. In 2018, some of the US battleships were attacked by a few Pumpkin Head battleships which resulted in the war breaking out between the US military forces and the Pumpkin Bots. On the Halloween Night, the US Navy launched the modern warship called 'USS Special' to destroy the Pumpkin secret bases, battleships, turrets and the bots to reinstate peace in the world. Who will win in the end? Key Features: 20 Levels to Play! Different kinds of battleships and turrets. Four firing modes including primary, secondary, tertiary and missile. Challenging situations and hard to master. Easier controls. Note: I am a solo developer and I have done all of the graphics, animation, artwork, programming except for the music. Thank you! I hope you will enjoy the game.
SEN is a minimalistic zen puzzle game about recognising patterns of numbers, colours and shapes. The rules of the game are taught with absolutely zero instruction - the progression and design of the levels has been carefully balanced to introduce each rule, thereby giving players the sensation of discovering the rules for themselves. Featuring easy to learn rules that are difficult to master, different game modes, and a beautifully relaxing soundtrack.
Penarium is set in a sinister circus arena, where contestants, much like Gladiators of old, are forced to entertain a sadistic crowd. In this frantic 2D arena arcade game, you take on the role of our quirky antihero; Willy who, to survive, is forced to run, jump and avoid an array of killer death-traps. Succeed and Willy will become the Champion of Penarium. Fail and he will die in a most horrendous way, much to the delight of the baying crowd. Guide poor Willy through this evil madness in single player and 2 player local COOP and Competitive modes. Every kid wants to go to circus but no kid wants to die in one. Feature List 3 Arenas 4 Game Modes Campaign mode featuring 30 challenges Arcade mode featuring over a dozen of unlockable power-ups COOP and VS local multiplayer Online leaderboards Dark comical dialogue and cutscenes
A dark and violent meld of retro and modern action games, inspired by the classic 2.5D first person shooters of the 90s, with elements of modern looter shooters and rogue-lites. Intense and addictive gameplay Tons of enemies are crammed in open-ended levels full of surprises and geysers of blood and treasure. Character progression Use the gold you find to purchase tons of character upgrades and new abilities via minigames. Ludicrous weapon variety 80 unique weapons that can drop as loot and can contain a funky mix of over 30 enchantment types. SO much more Music and audio by the great Andrew Hulshult . Non-intrusive but mysterious story. Many game modes. A mix of manual and random level generation. Tons of random events and secrets. You rise to prevent her doom and duke it out with nightmares to reap salvation in blood.
In GREYHAT, you play as yourself, an infamous hacker-for-hire with skills and abilities that allow you to infiltrate any computer. One day, you complete a job only to discover that you have crossed some very powerful people, and in their revenge your daughter is taken. To right this wrong you must hack into other people's computers, look through their files, read their emails, mess with their software, and find clues that may lead you closer to bringing your daughter home. In GREYHAT, you will: Steal from a pharmaceutical giant incriminating Test Reports that show their product to be unsafe Hack into air traffic control to help land multiple planes flying blind due to an AI glitch Stop an aggressive rogue nation from launching a nuke by accessing their submarine's computer systems Help leak a secret list containing the name of every single member of a controversial Neo-Nazi organization Bring justice to a murdered woman by identifying the killer in a case left cold by police inaction And many, many more! Game Features: A gripping techno-thriller story about love, loss, and the lengths a parent would go to for their child Learn to think, act, and react like a hacker Choose how you respond in text chats with allies and foes alike, each with their own personality and agenda A wide variety of mind-racking levels, each with their own unique setting, puzzles, clues, twists and mini-games Read text logs, emails, journal notes and browsing histories that reveal the true nature of your targets behind the public mask they wear Clues, passwords, and solutions are randomized. Every play through is different! GREYHAT aims to immerse you in its world. Play as yourself, with your own name, gender and hacker alias Collectibles in the form of side-stories, poems, wallpapers, and cryptocurrency can be found in each level An estimated playtime of 10-15 hours, depending on how good a detective you are
Mortal Shell is a deep action-RPG that tests your sanity and resilience in a shattered world. As the remains of humanity wither and rot, zealous foes fester in the ruins. They spare no mercy, with survival demanding superior awareness, precision and instincts. Track down hidden sanctums of devout followers and discover your true purpose. The dead litter this tattered landscape, but not all are without hope. The lost remains of defeated warriors are yours to discover. Awaken these Mortal Shells, occupy their bodies and significantly open your understanding to diverse masteries of combat. Your path is guarded by desperate adversaries, devoted to inscrutable gods. Behold creatures both pitiable and grotesque, but do not let fear halt your journey. Muster your courage and face them down. Combat is strategic and deliberate. You must commit your sword only when an opportunity opens. Calculate your parries to unleash devastating counterblows. Temporarily entomb your Mortal Shell in stone to block attacks, or play aggressive and use your stone-form to add brutal weight to your own sword swings.
Why is Flowing Lights different from other shooting games? Puzzle elements! They offer a challenge for the brain on top of the immediate fun of destroying monsters. Deeper challenges, deeper sense of achievement! How do these puzzle elements work? Each fight has been designed as a puzzle that requires a new tactic. Thanks to a unique system of terrain and physics, bullets flow like a liquid and create new and gripping gameplay situations. The goal is not only to destroy all enemies but also to find the right tactic to do so! This may require several attempts so Flowing Lights has been designed to facilitate experimentation. Failing and retrying is part of the game! Fights can be restarted instantly and without any penalty. Target audience: Flowing Lights was designed to be easy to learn and difficult to master. It's a game for players who like a challenge. Each fight can be won with 4 levels of achievement: C, B, A and S. Ranks A and S can only be achieved by completing all Combos, which adds new challenges for the best players. However, the game is easily accessible with playable tutorials and training modes. Features: Puzzle elements for a varied, always fresh experience Retro Arcade gameplay: smooth, accurate, challenging Unique physics based gameplay, gravity is the true 3rd dimension 200 fights created with love, each one unique and with optional challenges Power Ups, Combos, Ranks and online leaderboards for more replayability
Ghost of Tomorrow It is the day of August 23, 2019 and you arrive at your apartment. Suddenly strange events that possess a paranormal nature begin to occur. These paranormal events seem to transcend the boundaries of both space and time as these events may give you a glimpse of what is yet to happen in the future. Experience these paranormal events and see what tomorrow holds. Gameplay Warning: Minor Spoilers Ahead Ghost of Tomorrow is a psychological-horror first-person game. The game takes place in an apartment initially, where mysterious paranormal events with time-traveling nature begin to occur, giving the player glimpses of the horrible future that awaits them, while also being haunted by a strange ghost. As the player progresses, shortcuts through time and space are created, which allows the player to traverse to different locations and time. Progress through the story, read newspapers, notes, phone texts and investigate the future events that have yet to occur, find out if you can change the future events.
Proteus is a game about exploration and immersion in a dream-like island world where the soundtrack to your play is created by your surroundings. Played in first-person, the primary means of interaction is simply your presence in the world and how you observe it. The procedurally generated islands are home to creatures natural and imagined, tranquil valleys and ruins with magical properties. Key Features: Meditative play: the responsive world and lack of any text or hints distils an essence of curious, investigative play, and rewards patience and immersion. Dynamic soundtrack composed by award-winning musician David Kanaga follows the mood of the world and will appeal to fans of Boards of Canada, Brian Eno. A distinctive 2D-but-3D graphical style with wild shifting palettes that sits somewhere between 8-bit videogames and early 20th century modernist painting. Islands are uniquely generated every time, and although it's theoretically possible to see everything in one playthrough, no-one ever does. Built-in 'postcard' function encodes world data into each screenshot, allowing islands and discoveries to be saved and shared.
Be the ball! This remake of the classic arcade bowling game brings you the original six HyperBowl lanes and some new ones. Enjoy the scenery, but remember to head for the pins before time runs out! Play 1-4 players in the original Arcade Mode or quick-play in single-player mode. Roll the ball forward, left, right, even backwards by pushing the mouse, swiping the trackpad, or pressing the AWSD keys. Special thanks to the HyperBowl Facebook fans, especially localization, testing, and bug-squashing help from Ischa Bijl, Raymond Chow, Frank Lin, Lien Luong, Adam Pavlakos, Ian Schwabe, Harrison Sotoloff and Elijah Taylor. This version of HyperBowl by Technicat LLC is built with the original HyperBowl art and sound assets licensed from Absolute Certainty Inc., the Unity game engine, Lens Flare and Simple Particle Pack from Unity Technologies, Selected U3D Japanese Font from Masashi Wada, Particle Scaler by Roel Ezendam, Real Flames by BlackFire FX, FontLibrary from MacXWare, iTween by Pixel Placement, Flocks package from soodaq, Lean Localization from Carlos Wilkes, Finger Gestures from Fatal Frog Software, and Steamworks.NET by Riley Labreque. New lanes are made with the Penelope sample from Unity Technologies, Cartoon Snowboard Funpark from Stefan M., Mushroom Land from Manufactura4K, Grass Road Race from Sugar Assets, and the Campfire Pack from Dreamdev Studios. HyperBowl is a trademark of Absolute Certainty Inc.
Esper is a puzzle game set entirely in a single room. As one of a small number of citizens who have been endowed with the power to move objects with their minds, you have been enrolled by the government to undertake a series of tests to show that you are in control of your powers. Use your psychic abilities to solve increasingly challenging tests and demonstrate that, despite the concerns, you are not a threat to the fragile fabric of society. GAME FEATURES 6 challenging chapters to play through Physics-based puzzles solvable with ESP telekinetic powers World class voice acting from Eric Meyers Play with a gamepad or motion controllers 18 unique achievements to unlock
Persephone is a turn based 2D isometric puzzle game that explores the next possibility : What if death in video games is not the end, but the key to solve the levels? Where, how and when will you choose to die in order to progress? You will incarnate Persephone, a young woman who tries to reach the bottom of hell to meet his beloved Hades. But she will never suspect her mother Demeter to try to stop the lovers to stay together any longer. Death is not a game over, but a tool to progress The game is made without any texts, letting the player learn the rules by playing. Even if death is the center of the game, the visuals are made colorful and beautiful to give a nice contrast. The game is enriched by excellent musics done by a academical classic composer.
One day, a mysterious package reaches the hero, who is harried by daily life as an adult. Inside the package was a pillow-shaped machine and a letter asking for help. Upon activating the pillow, the hero falls into a waking dream. Forgotten memories from childhood... Even these were but the opening act of the miracle about to begin. After its release in 2015, Yumeiri received acclaim from game magazines, science fiction magazines, and mystery novel magazines. With a very high difficulty, and it gave rise to not a few frustrated players. At the same time, players who accepted its concept of 'taming luck' were impressed as if personally reliving a dramatic life. For the full-scale remake, all scenarios were rethought and some episodes were rewritten. While the original was available only in Japanese, the game has now been produced with a full-scale English version.
Pressured is a unique and intense number puzzler. Hit your targets to unlock pieces of the dark story, all told via the poetry of Nicholas Gordon. You'll need a combination of quick thinking and sharp reflexes if you don't want to succumb to the pressure.
You died. Welcome to XING. Spirit Journey What if you had the power to go up to a gravestone, read the epitaph, and transport yourself into the lives of the departed? Your body may be gone, but your life has just begun. In death, you will find yourself on a journey across a series of mysterious lands, an afterlife filled with the thoughts and personalities of those long lost. Follow these forgotten stories, collect artifacts, solve puzzles, and discover secrets as you make your own adventure through the mysteries of The Land Beyond. Is death without legacy something to be feared? What happens when we do not realize what is most important to us? Do we choose our own destiny, or is it chosen for us? A Puzzling Place XING: The Land Beyond is a fantastical, non-combative, spiritual journey through the afterlife. Along the way you are challenged to solve a myriad of puzzles which require logic, creativity, and the mastery of environmental control. In this peaceful afterlife, puzzles can be solved at your own pace. Through your journey you will learn to harness the power of the sun, the rains, the snow, and more. XING: The Land Beyond has been developed with accessibility in mind, and conforms to color-blindness, deafness, and has no time-constrains in its puzzle design. Virtual Reality XING: The Land Beyond has full VR support for HTC Vive and Oculus Rift, with options to use either SDK, as well as a range of controller options, including tracked motion controllers and traditional gamepads. Great care has been taken to ensure XING is an exciting and comfortable experience for all lovers of virtual worlds. We offer two distinct movement options for players: An innovative new motion controller-based free-movement system, with a balance of comfort and usability. We call this 'reins', because it is similar to directing a horse when you ride. A more direct analog stick based movement system compatible with both motion controllers and gamepads - offering a more traditional experience with snap turning and smooth rotation options. Features Thematic Score Weather Control Dazzling Environments Integrated Day-Night Cycle Environment-Based Puzzles Intuitive First-Person Controls Story Told Through Poetry Virtual Reality Enabled Unreal Engine 4
ROCKETS ROCKETS ROCKETS is a game where you fly ROCKETS that rocket ROCKETS at other ROCKETS ! The ultimate rush of arcade arena action, with the fluidity and amazing feel of soaring through space. SHOW ME THE FEATURES ROCKETS. We feature only the finest interstellar vehicles. LOCAL VERSUS MULTIPLAYER. Get your fellow rocketeers together, we're going to BLOW THINGS UP! UNDERDOG MODE. A flock of rockets versus the lone rebel. Amongst all the friendly fire, will you rocket to the top? TEAM PLAY. Every rocket needs a partner! STANLEY. This is a story of a rocket named Stanley. Meet the AI Rocket that thinks he has free will, and meet the rockets he will relentlessly fire at your rocket. COOL LIGHT TRAILS. These are some classy rockets that are a lot of fun to fly. ALL THE CONTROLLERS. In addition to full keyboard support, we currently support dozens of different controllers, and are always adding more! MAKE IT YOUR OWN. We've got a glorious settings menu where you can turn on different game modes, tweak weapon behaviours, alter gravity, and even adjust sprite sizes! MODDING. Dig into our data files and edit yourself up a new game mode! Really, though, the game is about intimacy . Check out Zen mode, it's wonderful with a loved-one! DELUXE PACK The deluxe pack includes the full game, the soundtrack, and two exclusive bonus MP3s!
Roche Fusion is a classic arcade, space shooter with a modern touch. A fast paced cocktail of nostalgia, spaceships, bullets and explosions. The game is procedurally generated and challenges the player with ever more aggressive, deadly, crazy waves of enemies to shoot down. There are insane boss fights and an extensive array of upgrades, including: weapons, shields and other items to help the player proceed in the game. Key Features: Intuitive and responsive arcade-style controls Infinite variety and replayability with procedurally generated levels, enemies and upgrades Engaging score system with multi-kill combos, leaderboards and meta-game unlockables Exciting two-player local co-op Amazing graphical effects All custom sound effects, and over 30 minutes of original soundtrack EXPLOSIONS Also, did we mention explosions? Everything from small explosions after a one shot kill, to huge explosions in swarm attacks, to massive explosions in epic boss battles. Roche Fusion is bringing the classic space shooter into the new century with a fun mix of enemies, lasers and explosions in a unique, retro but polished 2-D style.
Kontrakt is a hyper-violent action-adventure game about schizophrenia with a dark and twisted story. You will assume the role of a hitman involved in mysterious contract killing, while uncovering the dirty truth and secrets behind the City of Light. The rush of adrenaline coming after each kill will slow down time for you, turning you into an unstoppable monster. Choose the weapon of your choice and plan the assassination carefully, because quick reactions won't be enough. High-speed action mixed with mystery adventure elements A tragic, twisted story surrounding schizophrenia 12 different weapons with stats that matter and greatly affect gameplay Unusual art style inspired from retro pixel art Unlock different weapon modifications and unique sentinel echoes Original, dark and haunting soundtrack and a lot of SLOW-MOTION-WOAH-MOMENTS!
In the pulsing neon heart of Cyberscape, the digital world of PROTOTYPE, a newborn consciousness flickered into existence. This was no ordinary creation - it was 07Vanguard, a prototype AI, coded with an ambitious purpose: to outlast an onslaught of menacing robot adversaries. A synthesized voice echoed within 07Vanguard's mind, an implanted guide and mentor: 'Defend yourself. Outmaneuver. Outfight. Outlast.' It imparted advanced combat techniques, strategies, and the knowledge of an arsenal embedded within the AI's very form. With each passing wave, the hostile robots grew stronger, their numbers swelling like an incoming tide. Steel bodies glimmered menacingly under the neon lights, each machine a unique adversary with distinct skills, weaknesses, and attack patterns. But 07Vanguard was not without advantages. As the tide of robotic enemies crashed against it, power-ups materialized around the arena, gifts of survival. Health packs to mend the AI's metallic body, weapon upgrades to enhance firepower, and shimmering bubbles of temporary invincibility pulsed with latent energy, waiting to be claimed. Victory was hard-won. Every fallen foe was replaced by another, the challenges escalating, pushing 07Vanguard to the edges of its programmed capabilities. And then, the Bosses emerged. These formidable titans dwarfed the rest, a deadly dance of steel and silicon that demanded everything the prototype AI had to offer. The fights were brutal, the victories exhilarating. With each vanquished Boss, 07Vanguard felt the rush of an encoded triumph, a software subroutine humming with satisfaction. And as the last of these behemoths crumbled, the digital world of Cyberscape resonated with a deep silence. The quiet held a question, one that echoed in 07Vanguard's circuits: Had it proven itself to be the ultimate AI warrior? The game was over, but the story of 07Vanguard, the victorious AI, was just beginning. The battleground was clear, but the echoes of its trials lingered, a testament to the struggle and triumph etched into the very code of the steel Vanguard.
Not every case goes to trial and of those most are 'bench trials'. After years of trying cases as a trial lawyer your efforts have finally been noticed by the State's Governor. Although your recent appointment as a judge forces you to start at the bottom of the judicial totem pole it's only a matter of time until you become a State Supreme Court Justice. Weigh evidence from the lowly traffic courts to the Court of Appeals as you gain favor with the Governor to become a State Supreme Court Justice.
When the great and terrible Storm destroys the village, Shu embarks on a desperate journey to survive. Along the journey Shu encounters stranded villagers; survivors of the devastation that need help. In return for Shu's assistance, these peculiar characters grant unique special abilities that Shu can use to traverse the treacherous path ahead. Shu and the villagers' only hope is to work together, in search of sanctuary - and a way to stop the Storm. CAN YOU OUTRUN THE END OF THE WORLD? Game Features: - 21 lush, expansive levels, set in 5 diverse lands including 'Caverns of the Nightjars' additional content - A plethora of collectibles and secrets to discover - 10 recruitable characters, each with their own unique power - An incredible original soundtrack - Compete in time trials to see who is the fastest out of your friends - or the world
You are balanced on the edge of a cliff in an old rusting car. The sun is setting behind the horizon and night will soon fall. With no immediate means of escape, perhaps all that's left is to attempt to feel some connection with the world at the end of it all. Far from Noise is a single-player narrative told through dialogue choices. As day fades to night, experience quiet moments of interaction with a variety of creatures and witness the transformative forces of nature as they happen around you. Through conversation with a welcome companion, begin to discover your reasons for being out there, your relationship with the world, life and death, and if you'll see tomorrow. Includes A dynamic, naturally flowing conversation Multiple endings driven by choices that shape the narrative An original musical score by Geoff Lentin that flows with the story A rich landscape that shifts and fades as time progresses Narrative events that change on multiple playthroughs
FROGSONG is a heartfelt adventure where it's okay to be small. Chorus is a little frog with huge dreams of protecting the world. Being a tree frog, however, society expects them to lead a life of religious studies, instead of training to be a warrior. Their small size certainly doesn't help anyone take them seriously, either. Seeking a better life, Chorus moves to Boreala, a village where members of the Defense Guild train under the wisdom of an old veteran. They quickly learn things aren't going to be as easy as they hoped. With a powerful army and a mysterious rumour both on the rise, Chorus needs to discover how they can protect the ones they love - before it's too late.  Explore a beautiful, atmospheric land and fight monsters on your journey to find your place in the world. FEAUTRES: Friends and foes brought to life in expressive hand-drawn 2D animation! Talk to lots of cute and strange characters as you explore the land of Salia! Explore five unique areas filled with their own special enemies, villages, and bosses! Upgrade your blade at the blacksmith's shopfor stronger attacks! Follow a heartfelt story that deals with themes of identity and self love! Try to make the world just a little bit better!
DROPSHIP is a challenging new twist on a classic formula. A skill based game that will test your patience and determination, DROPSHIP was designed to be hard as nails and unforgiving. Can you keep your cool and make it to the end? GAMEPLAY Navigate through dangerous environments Conserve fuel and bend gravity to your will Drop to the landing pad Don't blow up your ship in the process Repeat FEATURES 40 increasingly tense levels Leaderboards to test your times against other pilots Practice mode for new recruits Hardcore mode; limited lives and high scores. How far can you get? Potentially rage inducing, skill based gameplay A vibrant and eye catching visual style
Experience virtual life at sea aboard your own pirate ship! What wonders await ye: Explore the decks and cabins of an historically accurate 16th-century English race-built galleon! Relax to the soothing sounds and gentle rocking motion of Caribbean waves! Swim past man-eating sharks to explore a lush tropical island! Get a bird's-eye view as a seagull; soar through rigging and over trees! Fire each of her twelve mighty minion cannons! Climb the shrouds to the crow's nest! Bask in the warm glow of your pirate treasure! Keep a watchful-eye for mermaids with your trusty telescope! Eat and drink your fill at the captain's table! Shoot objects thrown by monkeys before they hit your head! Experience additional 'magical realism' events that only VR makes possible! Developed exclusively for virtual reality headsets, this is not a traditional PC game or sailing simulator. It is an immersive experience designed to delight your senses in life aboard an old sailing vessel, with several fun activities thrown-in for good measure. Due to heavy VR performance constraints, the ship does not currently sail, but rather floats in place at two different locales. If you enjoy this title, be sure to check out VROOM: Aerie :
A Bleaker Predicklement is the funniest game set in Victorian London you will ever play - Packed full of British Humour, weird characters and awful jokes. The year is 1884 and World's Leading Victorian Explorator, Bertram Fiddle is still struggling to find a suitable adventure. Bowing to his wife's demands for a steady income he has been forced to take a job as a telegrammatical salesman in Dulsworth's Soap Factory. But Mr. Dulsworth isn't as squeaky clean as everyone thinks and soon Bertram finds himself embroiled in a mystery far bleaker than he could possibubbly imagine. With over 60 scenes A Bleaker Predicklement is a funny, weird and mysterious point and click adventure game full of puzzles, dark secrets and terrible, terrible puns. Explore the richly detailed world full of suspicious characters, solve mind-befuddling puzzles and track down Victorian London's most elusive serial killer - Geoff the Murderer! Inspired by classic adventure games, Hammer Horror films, cartoon network shows, Sherlock Holmes and Lovecraft it is jam-packed with Victorian mystification. Featuring - Fully voice-acted characters - Beautifully animated interactions - Over 60 locations to explore - An original soundtrack composed by Cam Reynolds inspired by 1970s B movies - A massive monster - A make your own meat friend mini-game - Even more terrible puns! The Evening Burble is calling it 'The Greatest Adventure of 1884' 'Playing Bertram Fiddle is like a watching a lost, sinister animation, but in a good way. I enjoy stumbling along and soaking up the absurdities.' Matt Elliot, PC Gamer 'plenty of riddles, tea-drinking and strangely-shaped noses,' Samuel Horti - Rock Paper Shotgun 'I wish I made games as funny as this,' Ron Giblets 'The Adventures of Bertram Fiddle: Episode 2 might just have the most amount of puns in a videogame EVER,' Baden Ronie, Wolf's Gaming Blog 'It's not as good as Donkey Island,' Guy Hardwood, aged 49
It's been a year since Sporey left the Blackburn Gang to make her fortune as a freelance thief. But when her former fence and mentor tracks her down, Sporey is forced back into servitude to settle an old debt. A temporary setback, she thinks. But these days, honour among thieves is wearing thin. Which of her old comrades can Sporey trust? Filcher is a first-person 2.5D noir stealth game, a lo-fi loveletter to classic immersive sims like Thief and Deus Ex. FEATURES Immersive first-person stealth: Use cover and shadows to stay unseen, tread carefully to stay unheard, and use your eyes and ears to detect enemies, loot and secrets. Explore nine lovingly hand-crafted levels, each packed with loot to steal, enemies to outsmart, security systems to bypass, documents to read and secrets to uncover. Use your tools to solve problems in creative ways. They include a trusty blackjack, a sleep-dart gun, lockpicks, flashbangs and noisemaking windup toys. An intriguing story told through snippets of dialogue, in-game readables, mission briefings and comic book-style cutscenes. A score system that rewards stealth and exploration. Replay missions in sneakier ways to earn higher ranks. The ultimate rank, 'Ghost', requires you to find all loot and secrets without knocking out any guards or being detected in any way.
Control a disposable spider mech that shoots rockets out of its butt and decimate waves upon waves of drones synced to rave music, while also slowing down time whenever you stop moving. Pick up power-ups strategically and weave your way around enemies to make it to the end of the track! Ecstatic is a unique experimental bullet-hell that promises tight action, fast choices, and sick tunes. The game features 4 different difficulties, a slew of challenges, and includes a level editor that lets you use your own music tracks!
This is an excellent version of the popular game 2048, which you can play on your windows PC or tablet. THE 2048 is a fun, simple and very addictive game. You need to combine tiles with numbers to reach the number 2048! Game features: Cool and stylish game 2048! Two types of levels modern and classic. Beautiful and simple UI. Supports all devices including tablets! A dynamic soundtrack written by Rob Gasser. Keep playing for High-score after collected 2048. Break your brain and be happy!
Space Wars is an exciting high action 2D space shooter developed in the Unity 3D engine. It is exciting in the classical sense with power-ups, high-scores, scrolling backgrounds, and tons of enemy ships. Features include homing missiles, bubble shields, laser beams, and many more. It is an exciting game that is challenging but also fair. It is your job to restore peace and prosperity to galaxy X and defeat the Tyrannical Empire. Only the true heroes will prevail from this bullet hell!!!!! Instructions to play: F key to fire weapons and arrow keys to move ship. Enjoy!!!!!
Help Aisling free The Dreamlands from The Mourner! The Dreamlands: Aisling's Quest is an adventure game that blends fantasy and mystery elements to present a gripping story. One day, Aisling experienced an event that opened the way for a mysterious being that transports her into a world shaped by her dreams and nightmares. There, she learns about The Mourner, a dark entity that is covering and corrupting the land. Aisling must go on a quest to recover three treasures that will help her face The Mourner, bringing peace to the Dreamlands and ultimately to herself. Features: Venture into a world shaped by Aisling's dreams, and nightmares. Visit strange locations born from Aisling's subconscious as you hunt for different clues and magical treasures. Uncover the truth behind The Gloom and The Mourner.
Escape the Prison-World! Through the bizarre, colorful, yet dark areas of Heldia, Heroes look for a way to escape a demonic grasp. Azurebreak Heroes is a 2D RPG with roguelite elements. Battle otherworldly creatures, enhance your skills, unlock new heroes and choose the upgrades you want while looking for a way to escape a prison-world of Heldia. Features A responsive, real-time combat system. 6 playable heroes, each with its own skill tree and perks! Create builds by choosing artifacts you want! All of the artifacts synergize with each other. Random level layouts. 3 possible endings to uncover. Secrets!
It's time to take the Plunge! Enter the adventure of Billie, the billionth prisoner of a wacky medieval mega-prison, who longs to find freedom on the other side. Rather than try to climb her way out, Billie realizes the only way to freedom is to escape further into the depths below! Dodge, dash, and defeat a wide variety of guards, creatures, and otherworldly beings bent on preventing passage in this exciting turn-based dungeon plunger! In Plunge, players will find a new and unique experience, especially for those familiar with the puzzle and roguelike genres. Each floor is an individual challenge meant to test the very best in a battle of brawn and wits. Don't miss this opportunity to find out why Plunge was nominated for the 2017 PAX Rising showcase, the 2016 and 2017 Portland Retro Gaming Expo showcases, the 2019 PAX 10 Selection and multiple showcases with Indie Mega Booth at PAX West and GDC! - Play as Billie or a variety of other cartoony characters with charming criminal charges! - Turn-based roguelike action! - Movement with sliding ice physics against enemies with unique and peculiar patterns! - Over 400 randomly selected levels across three separate challenging sections! - Plunge and Plunge again with fast pick-up-and-play experiences!
Time your jumps from planet to planet, avoid the obstacles thrown in your path and blast off to safety with your rocketship! Play through 100 small levels that will test your reaction skills! Are you COSMIC enough to clear all the levels?!? Can you collect all the coins? Can you finish the levels while the counter is still warming up? Can you beat the COSMIC levels? Then, and only then, can you call yourself, truly ... COSMIC! FEATURES 100 levels to master! Get the best times and collect all the coins! 40 colorful characters to unlock! 9 rocketships to unlock! Blast off in style! Colorful voxel graphics and retro arcade sounds Optional retro TV game effect Full controller support
Three women, three stories, three springs. Experience the stories of Haru, Erika, and Manami in A YEAR OF SPRINGS , a visual novel trilogy about a trio of friends navigating their feelings of love, connection, and just wanting to belong. FEATURES Three visual novels with multiple endings An all-new epilogue exclusive to the trilogy collection Soft and cute art with a relaxing original soundtrack Music player, CG gallery, and other extras In one night, hot springs , visit the hot springs with Haru, a young and anxious trans woman who just wants to enjoy herself on a trip with Manami but doesn't want to cause any trouble. In last day of spring , start off the Reiwa era as Erika, a well-meaning ex-delinquent who runs into more issues than expected when trying to plan a spa day for Haru. In spring leaves no flowers , help sheltered university student Manami think about what friendship and romance mean to her as she spends a day with Haru, Erika, and her boyfriend. CONTENT WARNING This trilogy discusses issues that people of different genders and sexualities may face, which is a topic that can be sensitive and personal.
Super Jagua is a classic 2D retro-style single-player platformer inspired by the greatest platformers of the 80s. Run, jump, swim, discover lots of secrets, fight brutal bosses and more in this classic NES inspired adventure. Story The canine kingdom is in sadness and sorrow, a mysterious demon has kidnaped the beloved princess and her little puppies. She is now imprisoned in a far dangerous castle and one ordinary, but brave dog, decides to embark on a journey to save them and restore the kingdom. Features: Classic Gameplay: Bricks, springs, spikes, teleporters, coins, power-ups and more! Levels: The game is divided into eight worlds, each of them containing four handcrafted levels True retro style: Every graphic was created from a single 24 color pallet Secrets: Hidden warp zones and tons of secrets Music: Full 8-bit chiptune soundtrack Challenging Gameplay: Ultra precise jumps, epic boss fights, no continues , no savegames . Like the good old times when games were hard
OVIVO is a metaphoric game filled with illusions and hidden messages. In the world of OVIVO Black and White exist in harmony. Constantly intertwining and replacing each other they maintain balance. The main character named OVO created from these two halves of the world and it has the ability to switch between them. OVO travels through the metaphoric world, overcomes various dangers and collects mysterious symbols. These symbols help you to unravel the story of this world but how you interpret it is completely up to you. Features: Flow mechanics. In white, the gravity force is directed downwards, in black - upward. Preservation of momentum while transitioning from one color to another allows OVO to float along their border as if it is carried by the flow. Fascinating art. The metaphorical world of OVIVO is full of hidden images and optical illusions. Design without words. There is no text in the game and the story is narrated through gameplay and visuals. Symbolism and puzzles. The game is filled with allusions and hidden messages. Meditative ambient soundtrack by Brokenkites.
Shadows over Silesia is a dark action adventure game with fantasy elements set in real medieval Europe. With true historical events in the background, you'll be facing intricate puzzles, challenging battles and cunning stealth. You will come across possessed devil worshipers, sexual demons, and beasts from hell, as well as creatures well-known from European mythology. Dark fantasy story Europe is in the middle of religious upheaval and many preachers predict that the end of the world is near. The year is 1428 and the Hussites have just set out on their Silesian campaign. These heretics appear to be the biggest threat in the kingless country. But true evil of a completely different kind is lurking nearby and it does not intend to engage in religious disputes. You will experience everything from the point of view of the two main characters. Hynek, a grumpy Hussite hetman who doesn't hesitate to swear or mess around with anything, and Lothar, a Hospitaller knight, a man of good education and manners who stands alongside his brethren in the front line of the Silesian defense. Each has their own motivations and views of the world around them, and different equipment and abilities. Their fates will soon become intertwined. Will they face one another, weapon in hand, or forge a fragile alliance to stand shoulder to shoulder against a far worse enemy? Challenging puzzles The original puzzles you will come across on your dangerous journey will most definitely be tough. Classic adventure games of the 1990s were a big inspiration. You will have to take advantage of your surroundings, look for objects, obtain information, and solve puzzles or encoded messages. Some problems can be solved in multiple ways, or they can be cleverly worked around. Sneaking in the shadows Sometimes you'll have to blend into the shadows and sneak past enemies to avoid being detected. Following their patrol routes and habits will help you find the best path. Tough combat The combat system is easy to understand but it takes practice to fully master it. Remember one thing: being outnumbered is a problem! If three or more opponents attack you at the same time, you will die! The key is to take advantage of their mistakes, wait for the right moment, and then attack. You will face not just knights, villagers, and robbers, but also various supernatural beings who are not to be underestimated. THE GAME IS FULLY BLIND ACCESSIBLE. More information on the game's website - .
Everything is an interactive experience where every object in the Universe is a playable character - from animals to planets to galaxies and beyond. Travel between outer and inner space, and explore a vast, interconnected universe of things without enforced goals, scores, or tasks to complete. Everything is a procedural, AI-driven simulation of the systems of nature, seen from the points of view of everything in the Universe. Learn to transform yourself to create worlds within worlds within worlds, or let go any time to allow Everything to take over and produce a never ending documentary about the world you live in. Narrated by the inspiring philosophy of Alan Watts, and featuring a rich score from composer Ben Lukas Boysen, Everything will give you a new perspective on life.
Hat Trick Header brings you all the fun of football headers without the head trauma! Unique gameplay Your head is the controller: swing it and drive incoming footballs towards targets. Opt for a calm play style or swing your head quickly to drive the ball faster. Designed from scratch for VR. Discover three locations in Brazil Play at the Training Grounds where football stars are born. Head on to the Copacabana beach where the warm Brazilian sun and the Atlantic breeze welcome you. Step onto the pitch of the legendary Maracana stadium. Play challenging levels Play 18 levels with unique target sets and varying degrees of difficulty. Even football pros will find it challenging to strike some targets. Hit targets of different value in carefully handcrafted levels. Chase after the valuable moving targets by memorizing their patterns. Hurry up and hit the timed targets before they disappear for good. Keep up a hit streak, unlock the Super Ball and beat that old high score! Challenge your friends in Local Multiplayer mode This is where the fun really begins! Invite your friends over and challenge them. Play locally with up to four players in hot seat mode for domination. Hat Trick Header will be the life of your party!
Overview Lethe is a first person adventure with survival horror elements. Explore an atmospheric and frightening world and uncover the dark secrets of your origins. Episodes Each Episode is considered to be a stand-alone experience. Any future Episodes will expand upon Lethe's lore and backstory, but not necessarily the same protagonist's story. Story Crushed under the debts of his recently deceased step-father, Robert Dawn, a journalist with an unremarkable career, decides to hunt down his origins. Everything points to a quiet mining settlement. Shortly after his arrival, Robert comes into contact with an unknown substance and develops psychokinetic abilities that feed on his life energy. As tension rises, he is faced with another, even darker threat, quickly turning the trip into a terrifying battle for survival. Features Stealth Gameplay: Run or hide to survive. Psychokinesis: Manipulate the environment and use it in your aid. But be careful! Your newly gained abilities can only affect inorganic objects. Quality Graphics: Immerse yourself in a highly detailed and horrifying world. Story: Lethe isn't your typical adventure game. Learning the story behind the places you'll visit, is entirely up to you.
21XX AD. Everything is connected. Data leaks and identity theft have become part of our everyday lives. Sentient programs escape the grasp of their creators. Privacy is no longer part of human vocabulary. Infiltrate target machines, steal valuable data, and avoid security programs in this Snake-inspired game. Explore three-dimentional levels using grid-based 6DoF movement Collect data fragments to grow your health and tail Avoid mines and other security installations Try not to catch your own tail
BlueSuburbia is interactive poetry and literature. It is a haunted dreamscape where you explore poems through immersive environments. Wander through the world of poetry, seek out dark secrets, confront your demons, and delve deeper into a dream that dances between beautiful and terrible. Forgotten dreamscapes and open worlds are yours to explore as you venture on your quest to find hope in the darkness. BlueSuburbia is about struggle, survival, tenacity, strength, and hope... along with a healthy dose of existentialism. It is a commentary on strength and persistence despite the world trying to destroy you... the light you feel inside that does not let you give up, even when the world around you is at its darkest. It is a beautiful horror. Features include large open worlds to explore, with poetry and writing that you uncover in these haunted spaces. It is immersive literature. This is a reboot of the 1999 cult classic Flash website. It is currently under production. Regular updates to the demo will be released until it is finished.
Test Your Focus and Coordination Urban Flow is all about making sure the cars drive safely in the city. That's where you come in - you control the traffic lights to make sure there are no accidents or traffic delays. Keep the City Safe Keep the cars moving in perfect harmony, and avoid crashes and jams to ensure everything runs smoothly. It's up to you to control the city's streets and make sure everyone gets to their destination on time. Over 100 levels, each with its own busy intersection. Ensure a Smooth Ride Explore a vibrant city filled with cars, buses, and trucks, and take on increasingly challenging levels. Use your wits to navigate complex intersections and avoid accidents, all while managing multiple lanes of traffic at once. Gather Your Friends and Family Enjoy the game with up to four players in local co-op mode. With easy-to-learn gameplay and intuitive controls, Urban Flow is the perfect game to enjoy with friends and family, both young and old. So gather around and experience the fun and excitement of managing the flow of traffic together!
Step into a mystical world! A young apprentice stole a sacred relic from the abbey and carried it to the mysterious cave city of Ermin-tara! It's a race against time to recover the mysterious relic before it falls into the hands of those that intend to merge our world with the demon world! Fight back against the underworld by acquiring powerful talents and spells on your journey to save your friends in this exciting and clever Match 3 game! Features Explore 37 atmospheric hand-painted locations! Enjoy a variety of game modes and difficulty levels Collect powerups and enhance your skills to fight back the demons Amazing match 3 adventure game play! Includes Bonus chapter and extra levels to keep the action going! Stay on the relic's trail with a strategy guide Downloadable music, wallpapers, and concept art
William and Sly is a classic pair of platforming adventure Flash games. Play as the agile fox, Sly, assisting your closest friend William. These non-linear adventures are perfect for when you want to curl up on a rainy afternoon to explore gorgeous landscapes, take in hand-painted visuals and bask in it's meditative soundtrack. The gameplay emphasis ease of movement, with sleek platforming, and no fall damage. William and Sly In our introduction to this world, William's fantastic teleportation system has been deactivated, and it is up to Sly to fix it. Activate the stones, play around with mysterious fairyflies, and gather up mushrooms. The heart of the game is in exploration, venturing beyond the central task, and seeing what intriguing discoveries can be made in every corner of this sprawling landscape. William and Sly 2 The troublesome gnomes have stolen and scattered the pages of William's journal! Alongside this main quest, you will discover shrines that offer up side quests and new abilities. Building off the serene, cozy gameplay of the original game, William and Sly 2 offers light puzzles to solve and more narrative touches to build up this world. But worry not, there are still plenty of mushrooms to munch and delightful secrets to uncover.
ELEX is a handcrafted action role-playing experience from the award-winning creators of the Gothic series, set in a brand new post-apocalyptic Science Fantasy universe that puts players into a huge seamless game world full of original characters, mutated creatures, deep moral choices and powerful action. In ELEX, you join the war over a powerful resource that gives people great magic-like powers, but turns them into indifferent cold creatures. You decide if emotions and humaneness or cold synthetic logic will rule the world of Magalan. Features: Completely seamless Open World experience without borders and loading zones for the ultimate exploration experience Vertical Exploration: Use the jetpack to reach any place in the game world Simulated game world where everything reacts to the players actions and provides for an authentic atmosphere Highly interconnected quest system that support true player choices Tactical and challenging combat system for close and ranged combat Universe set in a post apocalyptic science fantasy universe that combines the most interesting aspects of all genres
It is a game where you must climb a tower avoiding the lava reach you, you can customize your character and play with friends. The purpose of the game is to get all the lost songs during the time and reach the end of the tower. You can customize your character with color palette and choosing Skins. Different and random tests are generated on the floors of the tower, as you go up you change the difficulty: Easy: 15 different tests. Means: 15 different tests Difficult: 15 different tests. You can play with up to 3 friends to form a group of 4 droids, you can also join other people in their games and invite your Steam friends to join your Lobby. They are difficult to obtain, and the test that allows access to it is even more difficult and rare to find. There are 4 types of artifacts that prove your worth to get them. and its color shows its difficulty. Where do the artifacts come from? Easy tests: no artifact Medium Tests: blue and green artifact. Difficult tests: blue, green, yellow and red artifact. When playing in the tower you can get Points , Musical Notes and Nuts , with these you can buy some items in the store. Points: Colors, in total 8 palette of colors Nuts: Skins, in total 4 different skins. Notes: Tracks, in total 12 tracks, each track with 4 songs, equal to 48 different songs. What are the musical tracks for? The tracks are reproduced randomly to suit the game, changing from time to time, according to the number of tracks purchased and obtained. What are Skins? You can change the appearance of your character with different skins, so you can look different to your friends. And what is the color palette? In addition to the skins, you can also change the colors of the same with palettes formed by 4 colors that change the appearance of your character. Primary color: mainly carcass and a large part of your character Secondary color: hide and small parts of the character. Tertiary color: more visible parts that contrast with the primary color Color fourth: character light and effects of the same.
Snake Blocks is a 3D puzzle game about snakes! You must weave a group of colorful snakes through over 50 hand-crafted levels, until you've found a way to bring them all to their respective destinations. With Snake Blocks' four game modes of ever-increasing difficulty, you'll find yourself snaking for hours! But wait, there's more! Snake Blocks comes with a built-in level designer, so you can create your own puzzles. Steam workshop support coming soon! Snake Blocks is playable on PC, Mac, and is coming soon to Linux!
7 girls have been gathered in the hell spire. These girls, who are called, ' Delinquents ,' are tainted by their criminal DNA. A special rehabilitation was prepared for these girls: the 'Reformation Program.' The goal of this program is to have the girls climb to the highest floor of the spire. If they do, their sins shall be atoned, and they can be revived back into the mortal world. As the program instructor, it is your mission to guide the 7 girls to the very top of the spire. However, these girls are super unique! Will things really go as smoothly as planned?
This is elaine! A minimalistic tile-matching action game by Slight Super Powers. Frantically guiding your player tile around a sensile platform to match the incoming pattern in time. In this deceptively simple game, you'll have to deal with a shifting screen, multi-colored patterns of increasing speed and complexity, and an unrelenting countdown timer synced to brain-pumping music. Features: six uniquely challenging levels highly addictive gameplay pulsing electronic soundtrack minimalistic game design obsessive global leaderboards accurate pantone color reproduction non-stop action
Plague M.D. is a medieval medicine simulator. Become a quack doctor stuck in a backwater village in the 16th century. Your task is to diagnose and cure the patient using the available tools, ingredients, recipes and books. This is a difficult game against time, misdiagnosis and procrastination can lead you to the stake, and every choice has consequences. Well, what can you do? At first, your methods are scarce - drain blood, amputate a rotten finger. But over time, you become increasingly sophisticated, learning therapeutic treatments and surgical skills. Eventually, you face the horror of black death and put on a plague doctor mask. The visual style of the game is pleasing to the eye. Each model is lovingly hand-drawn on paper. Real diseases and authentic treatments. The bloodletting? Leeches? Yes, please. And don't forget a blow to the head instead of anesthesia. Lovable characters. Our favorite is the parish priest in a deep depression. It is recommended to treat it with St. John's wort. All events of the game take place in a fictional universe. Please do not use the healthcare skills acquired in the game on real people - it is dangerous and can cause harm to life and health. Always contact a specialist!
The water is no longer calm. The undersea world has undergone a transformation from tranquil environment to a place of unspeakable violence, graphic murder and horrific danger. It is now the 27th century and mercenaries such as 'Emerald' Dead Eye Flint ply their deadly trade among the warring forces of man and nature. Gamers take the role of Flint, taking command of a loosely aligned force of fellow mercenaries who hire themselves out to the powerful leaders of this inhospitable world. Players fight vicious battles against crazed mercenaries, mighty military forces and hideous sea monsters. The frantic pace never lets up in Aquanox: True adrenaline-rush action for today's gamers. Key features: Mission based action with stunning and violent individual and team-based combat Superbly crafted 3D graphics in a real-time, richly rendered underwater world of steep mountain ranges, intricate caverns, deadly currents and glittering underwater cities 34 dangerous missions giving hours of action packed gaming Multiplayer options for LAN and Internet for gripping deathmatch and team-based battles Over 40 incredible enemies and vicious monsters to battle to the end Atmospheric 3D soundtrack and music
You are on a boat at sea. Also, you are dead. To figure out why, you will need to inhabit the other residents of the ship and use them to investigate what led to your untimely demise. As a ghost, you can take control of characters in the game, and talk to others - based on who you are controlling and who you are talking to, there is a unique conversation. With each combination of characters leading to a different interaction based on their relationship or chemistry, your challenge is to find the interactions that will reveal pertinent information. Understand what makes your shipmates tick, and uncover the secrets that they hold. Investigate an intricate mystery where few are who they seem and everyone has a secret. Meet nine unique and developed characters, with their own personal fears and ambitions. Use your ghost powers to possess bodies and read minds. Recover your former identity to upgrade your ghastly powers. Unlock multiple endings and decide the fate of the story. The game also features an amazing soundtrack by Bill Kiley .
Important: This is an active game. Be sure your play space is unobstructed and meets the requirements listed. Boost is an intense arcade action-sports game that will leave you joyously gasping for breath! With a focus on active play, a few rounds of Boost is sure to wake you up and get your blood pumping! Teleoperate your Luma-Jock in the 3rd Galactic Quadrant's finest arena. Use your Luma-shield to Thwonk the Booster Orb and keep the rally going as long as possible. Every four returns you'll achieve a Boost and the orb will increase its speed. Keep it up for long and you'll be rallying with your opponent at near relativistic velocities! Watch out for Mines as you leap and dive for survival. Mines have a reverse photon charge and will destroy your Luma-shield and the Orb on contact. Not to worry! Your Tele-gloves have a positive charge and you can use them to bat Mines out of the way. However, be warned that Mines will accumulate with every Boost and you'll need to keep their numbers low if you want to prevail. Features Context sensitive sound track that intensifies as you play Tracked motion controls provide a physics based full immersion experience Intuitive physical UI system designed around the strengths of VR Height calibration to accommodate all players Multiple control configurations Aim Assist mode provides visual feedback for beginners Designed with a strong focus on play mechanics that are specifically suited for VR Graphically rich environment featuring numerous animated textures, glow effects and a sense of enormous scale Experience the buzz of a natural endorphin release after extended play sessions Coming soon Asymmetric Multiplayer: player two contends with a gamepad or mouse while player one competes in VR Online leader boards Adjust play space size option Achievements
You can experience the disaster of a great earthquake in a game. What would you do if you were trapped in an elevator by a great earthquake? Can you survive an unprecedented disaster? - Survival in a closed room. A great earthquake has destroyed the city's infrastructure. You are trapped in an elevator and can only wait for rescue. Continue to endure the loneliness and emptiness, and never give up on living. - unpredictable storyline. The people you meet had their own daily lives. These were lost in the great earthquake. - Work with people to survive. Work with your family and friends to escape. You cannot survive alone. - Make use of resources. You will be faced with crises such as hunger, aftershocks, and cold weather. Manage resources such as food and water to extend survival time. - Major damage from earthquake. The city was destroyed by a great earthquake. The date of arrival of the rescue team to you is unknown. In a desperate situation, you must continue to survival. - Being rescued is not the end. What do you think after surviving an earthquake? What awaits you? The damage from the earthquake will remain forever. The theme of this game is contained in the ending. The minimum playing time would be about 4 hours. - Game Features. indie game,survival,disaster,escape We allow video distribution and monetization of this game. Please include a link to the Steam store page when doing so. Anti-virus software may detect it, but please be assured that it is only communicating with Unity. There is no problem if you block it.
Atlantis is sinking. Become the champion of the last Queen of Atlantis and save the kingdom in this fast-paced, time management dash game! Build roads, manage resources, establish towns, create armies, defeat your enemies and save the villagers before the lands are destroyed and all life is lost in this thrilling strategy adventure! Play over 50 addictive time management levels with exciting achievements, bonuses, and more! Discover five beautifully rendered HD locations with unique and funny Atlantean characters! Master colorful Hidden Object scenes and Match-3 mini-games for amazing power-ups! Prioritize your objectives and create the best strategy to complete the levels in Expert Time!
Sengoku is a deep character driven strategy game set in 16th century Japan. Play as a Japanese nobleman and unite the land of the Rising Sun under your iron fist. Use your military might, your smooth talking tongue, and your guile to increase your power. Watch your enemies fall like cherry blossoms in the early dawn of spring. Doublecross your enemies in an honorable and auspicious manner. Always make sure you have competent heir, if you should die before your destiny has been reached. Key features Play as a Feudal Japanese Lord and manage your relations with family, friends, and enemies Rise in influence and power inside your clan and then move on to claim the ultimate prize, the control of Japan Conquer and grow while rewarding your most valued retainers as you make a bid to become Shogun Detailed historical map of Japan, divided into over 350 different provinces, during the Warring States era Manage your relations with three different religious factions, the Shinto, the Christians and the Buddhists Employ the aid of powerful Ninja clans when your Samurai armies are not enough
In MiniLAW, you take the role of a Constable, an elite officer of the Ministry of Law. Roam the dystopian future city of New Babel, Mankind's Last Hope, in search of crimes in progress. Use lethal weapons, non-lethal force, and diplomacy to take down bad guys. Successfully apprehending criminal elements grants you Requisition Points that you may use to purchase gear or upgrade modules from your superiors at miniFACT to improve the various abilities of the powered exo-frame bolted to your skeleton. Overclock your various combat abilities to perform superhuman feats as a matter of course.
The Antidote What was supposed to be the end of a normal week at the office, turned out to be the beginning of a strange adventure. As Roger is ready to get in his car, he gets knocked unconscious on the back of his head. He finally wakes up, finding himself in a mysterious place and his senses are all messed up. He realizes he has been drugged and is hallucinating. Help Roger on his quest to get back to his senses, find the antidote and escape! The Antidote is a classic point-and-click adventure. The game offers a wide variety of puzzles varying in intensity. Are you ready to solve some real conundrums? - Original and crazy puzzles - Original style, stop motion animations - No generic responses - Interactive inventory items - Custom made soundtracks - Many hours of game play - Lots of fun and challenges
As a threat from beyond looms over the solar system, Project AETHER is ready to deploy! Take control of the powerful AETHER mech in this rhythmic and tactical space shooter which combines classic arcade-style twin-stick action with stunning 3D environments and an engaging sci-fi story! Fight the alien threat across 9 unique levels, each with a powerful boss to defeat. Customize your mech's loadout with an assortment of powerful weapons, including the rapid fire assault rifle, high impact railgun, concentrated particle beam, and more. Choose your own approach to combat. Pick your foes off with ranged weapons, or get in close with devastating sword strikes. Adapt your tactics to the scenario at hand. Use the enemy forces to your advantage! As you damage foes they become primed for a powerful EMP blast, which will destroy them and any ships caught in the blast. Prove your prowess with boss rush and survival modes, and get your name on the leaderboard! Build and upload custom missions to the Steam Workshop, and play community levels! A range of difficulty modes allow hardcore players to experience the ultimate challenge, while providing a more forgiving experience for genre newcomers.
The main objective of the game is relaxation and productivity, through the customization of your personal space and atmosphere that suit your tone! Key Features Cottage Customization - change and toggle the appearance of furniture, items, etc. Atmosphere - control the weather and time of the day to fit your mood! Activity Status - share with others about what you are up to! White Board - got something to remember? Make notes in your own personal cozy space! Audio Player - load in and listen to your own music tracks using the built-in audio library menu! Interactivity - some of your items may be interactable, granting you access to mini games! Collective Coziness - invite your friends, send them friend requests, and see their cottages and activities!
Pave the road to a post-capitalist society! The Democratic Socialism Simulator lets you play as the first socialist president of the United States. Can you redistribute power and wealth while addressing the climate crisis? Enact radical reforms, tax the rich, transform the economy, tackle the most pressing issues without alienating voters or bankrupting the government. But beware: the ruling class won't give up its power easily. Even your closest allies may turn on you. The Democratic Socialism Simulator is a single player game that borrows its interface from the dating app Tinder and the popular game series Reigns. A single game typically last about 20-30 minutes. You don't need to be an experienced gamer to play DSS. Hundreds of choices based on existing policy proposals Randomly generated scenarios and multiple endings Room for different play styles, ideologies, and strategies A cast of extremely opinionated anthropomorphic animals
Steal weapons. Improvise gadgets. Evade capture. Uncover the conspiracy. The Story: On the run and fighting for your life, you are freelance journalist Matt Carter. Twelve hours after arriving in Moscow for a routine story, you've been stripped of all possessions, beaten unconscious and thrown into the KGB's political prison. Caught in the midst of an international conspiracy that aims to control the U.S.S.R., you are now on your own behind the 'Iron Curtain'. Using only recovered weapons and improvised gadgets, you must now evade and eliminate special Soviet forces and defeat the conspiracy or risk being either killed or sent to a remote Siberian prison camp. Key Features: Spy on your enemies through walls with the powerful and deadly X-ray camera Complete missions in multiple ways: Stealth or Brute Force - the choice is yours Interactive non-linear world: Accomplish objectives in multiple ways - find hidden paths, combine in-game elements to create weapons and traps, or silently eliminate opponents Explore authentic recreations of real Soviet locations including: Lenin's Mausoleum, Chernobyl, the Kremlin and the KGB's Lubyanka prison Collect and combine objects to create useful and deadly gadgets. You never know when a screw or a dirty old rag will come in handy.
Color Chaos is a twin stick shooter that delivers fun and chaotic color swapping arcade action that will keep you coming back time and time again to beat the highscores on the leaderboards. Features: Swap your color to suit the situation. Enemies that are the same color as you can not hurt you, however you can not hurt them. So swap to a different color and blow them to pieces. Stay on your toes however as some enemies are able to change their color too. Four Different Modes Of Play: Classic Mode is Color Chaos in its purest form, Fight an endless onslaught from a variety of different enemies that spawn more frequently the longer you survive. Can you survive the longest and achieve the highest score? Chaos Mode has more enemies,more firepower and more chaos. Use a variety of different pickups to increase your firepower and even the odds with the enemy. You're going to need them because in this mode the enemies come thick and fast! Turbo Classic Mode puts your reactions to the test as you fight of waves of enemies in a ultra-fast variant of Classic Mode. Turbo Chaos Mode pushes your abilities to the limit as you power-up and attempt to fight off onslaughts of enemies at maximum velocity! Compete Online: Track your highscores for individual modes on the Steam leaderboards, compete against the world and aim for the top. Intense Chaotic Color Action Is Here
Love Story game made with Real girl videos. Date with a co-rented Student which performed by famous actress and model. Strat a new life with the accompany of your dream girl. Game Features 1- HD Videos More than 156 video clips bring you a fantastic love story; Professional actress and real scene. 2- First perspective All the videos are shoot with first perspective; Players can easily immerse in the story. 3- Creative Plot All the plots were created by famous writers. Creative and realistic plot will give you a wonderful Asian love story.
Element TD 2 is the culmination of 15 years of multiplayer tower defense development, with the original mod having been downloaded over 5 million times across WarCraft 3, StarCraft 2 and Dota 2. With dozens of towers, alongside an array of maps to test your defenses, this is a feature-packed standalone sequel prepared to challenge tower defense players. Let Elements Collide With 6 elements that combine to create 59 unique towers, you will need to anticipate incoming waves, their elements, and tailor your approach to maximize your defense. Each element has its own strengths and weaknesses, so choosing the right upgrade paths is crucial to winning. Cooperate To Conquer Work with up to 8 players to synergize your elemental choices, tower upgrades, and plan your placements. Together you will withstand the enemy assault against ever increasing waves, culminating in an endless boss battle. Test Your Fortitude The singleplayer campaign currently spans 28 missions to put even the most experienced Tower Defense player to the test. Take on unique maps, enemies, and bosses in a challenging gauntlet that provides an experience never before seen in Element TD. Features 59 Towers with unique abilities created through multiple elemental upgrade paths. Co-op mode lets up to 8 players team up at once. Campaign mode to hone your skills and survive against ever increasing challenges. 6 Elements to empower your towers to create powerful diverse defenses. 55 Waves to truly challenge your defenses, culminating in an endless boss. 26 Maps with unique biomes to test your tactics on diverse layouts. 10 Modifiers to significantly alter the gameplay to your liking. War mode places 2 sides head to head in one area. Global servers allow for cross-region multiplayer. Leaderboards to compete against other players for top score. Replay support to showcase your victories and learn strategies from others. Unlockable cosmetics allows you to customize your builder.
Laika: Aged Through Blood is a western-inspired motorvania set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. It is the story about a tribe oppressed by occupant forces, and the personal story of a mother coyote warrior who descends on an endless path of vengeance to take back what her people lost. Drive, jump and fight your way through the huge hand-drawn world on your trustworthy motorbike. Race through the wasteland and perform dangerous jumps, shoot enemies in slowmo and reload your gun by performing a backflip! Use skill-based power-ups and persist challenging battles against big bosses ! Vehicular combat on a fast and agile motorbike. A beautiful, hand-painted and post-apocalyptic world. A deep story about a mother-daughter relationship, vengeance and loss. A varied world, epic boss battles and loads of missions. The very first MOTORVANIA!
My Haunted Doll is a 2D Survival Horror game based on the story of the cursed doll of the 1800s which is said to be possessed by the spirits of the little girl and the Devil. Mary, the owner of the Mary Co. museum, loves to collect ancient antiques, clothes, dolls, bones and utensils. Every Saturday, she goes to a nearby antique store to buy ancient stuff in order to add them to her collections in her museum. On 20th September, she went to the shop to buy an ancient cursed doll. She was a skeptic and did not believe in ghosts until she experienced the paranormal activities herself. As soon as she brought the doll to her museum the things started to take a darker turn. Her museum was on the ground floor while she lived on the fourth floor and the rest three floors were empty. But she started experiencing paranormal activities including things getting misplaced, poltergeist activities and nightmare. A few days following the incident she started researching the history behind the doll and discovered that the doll was cursed. She was desperately in search of the remedy of the situation but she came to know that the only way to stop the paranormal activities was to get rid of the doll and sending it over to its previous location where the doll was originally kept and the curse would be lifted. However, it is easier said than done. The Devil residing inside the doll will try to stop Mary from achieving her goal. Will she be able to lift the curse, placed on her? Her fate is in your hands now. Key Features: Explore the Museum for the proof of the paranormal. Demons are lurking in the shadows. Experience the poltergeist activities and nightmarish illusions. Face your fears while exploring the building and unknown locations. Nearly half an hour duration of the paranormal investigation. Note: I am a solo indie game developer and I have done all of the graphics, animation, character design, and programming except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game.
Quest of Vidhuraa is a hard puzzle platformer with a cute story. Story: Vidhuraa is a son of poor couple who was seperated from his parents in his early age. He grew up with his grand-father. Time has come to free his parents who are locked up in Jail inside the King Kaala's Castle. Things you can do in the game: Run, jump and die Things we have handcrafted for you: Three Arenas : Forest, City, Castle 60 cruel levels Insane Toughness Original Soundtracks Finally! Death is fun! If you are interested in translating to your native language, let us know.
Roomscale Coaster is an intense, fast paced game designed to take full advantage of your playspace. Dodge, duck and collect to increase your high-score as your fly through the air on a sci-fi platform. Features: Fast paced dodge mechanics make for a great work out Activate slow motion mode to refine your senses Beautiful environment created in Unreal Engine 4 Unique soundtrack that'll make you feel like a superhero Challenge yourself for a higher score with local high score Comfort mode for those who are prone to motion sickness Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Swords and Crossbones: An Epic Pirate Story is a comedic role play adventure. Duke A. Blizzardo the most feared pirate in all the seas has kidnapped your friend and employer. Hook up with a zany crew of swindlers, cut throats, and hooligans in this whirlwind adventure involving ancient treasure, pirate lords, tourism, killer parrots, and mad mad monkeys. Explore the islands of the Antipodal Archipelago. Sail the three oceans, including the volcanic waters and the frozen seas. Find ancient shipwrecks, battle for lost treasure, build and upgrade your pirate ships to accommodate your ever increasing crew! Organize and develop your own pirate island. An entire build mode lets you manage the exact layout and functionality of your hideaway as you use it as your base of operations for your escapades. Customize the load-out of each and every battle ready member of your pirate entourage. You'll need every sword, every buckler, and every ability you can spend your points on for the dangerous flintlock and cutlass filled battles that await you! Tactical combat! A well crafted turn based tactical RPG full of nuance and depth! Upkeep your pirate island! Build and expand, even turn it into a tourist attraction to rake in the dough! Sail the ocean! With over a dozen islands to explore, there's a lot to see, and to fight, there's monsters, treasures, and more! The Antipodal Archipelago! The island chain you'll pirate in is a strange place, the frozen waters to the north and the volcanic seas to the south have their own mysteries to be discovered! Daring battles! Defeat the ten pirate lords of the archipelago and stop their terrible reigns of terror! A customizable crew! Gather up miscreants and scalawags, each with their own set of skills and abilities to help you on your quest! A grand adventure! Discover the lost treasure of the Cenote, go on daring rescue missions, and battle interesting enemies and fauna, such as zombies, parrots, monkeys, royal soldiers, and more!
Work together in normal, weird and interesting levels that challenge you and your friend's puzzle solving skills, management skills, and your ability to make the ultimate smoothies. Plant seeds, water them, see your fruit children grow up and then... ...Throw them in the blender! Fruity Smoothie is all about growing, throwing, and doing stuff with fruit. Your fruit family and friends have been kidnapped while you and your best friend were relaxing, and now it's up to the two of you to save them! Chasing the kidnappers on a boat that runs on smoothies, you need to work together to make some fruity fuel for your boat.
Grab your hoverboard and explore the ancient, mysterious world of AnShi as you glide across caves, large deserts and old temple ruins to discover its secrets. With the company of an energy being you explore this vast world together. Discover what happened to the planet and its being. Featuring stunning visuals and an original soundtrack, AnShi delivers a relaxing, unique, breathtaking experience.
Get ready to explore, discover and interact with a multitude of species as you journey among the stars. Forge a galactic empire by sending out science ships to survey and explore, while construction ships build stations around newly discovered planets. Discover buried treasures and galactic wonders as you spin a direction for your society, creating limitations and evolutions for your explorers. Alliances will form and wars will be declared. Like all our Grand Strategy games, the adventure evolves with time. Because free updates are a part of any active Paradox game, you can continue to grow and expand your empire with new technologies and capabilities. What will you find beyond the stars? Only you can answer that. DEEP AND VARIED EXPLORATION Every game begins with a civilization that has just discovered the means to travel between stars and is ready to explore the galaxy. Have your science ships survey and explore anomalies, leading you into a myriad of quests, introducing strange worlds with even stranger stories and discoveries that may completely change your outcome. STUNNING SPACE VISUALS With characteristically complex unique planets and celestial bodies, you will enter a whirlwind of spectacles in a highly detailed universe. INFINITE VARIATION OF SPECIES AND ADVANCED DIPLOMACY Through customization and procedural generation, you will encounter infinitely varied races. Choose positive or negative traits, specific ideologies, limitations, evolutions or anything you can imagine. Interact with others through the advanced diplomacy system. Diplomacy is key in a proper grand strategy adventure. Adjust your strategy to your situation through negotiation and skill. INTERSTELLAR WARFARE An eternal cycle of war, diplomacy, suspicions and alliances await you. Defend or attack with fully customizable war fleets, where adaptation is the key to victory. Choose from an array of complex technologies when designing and customizing your ships with the complex ship designer. You have a multitude of capabilities to choose from to meet the unknown quests that await. ENORMOUS PROCEDURAL GALAXIES Grow and expand your empire with thousands of randomly generated planet types, galaxies, quests and monsters lurking in space. PLAY THE WAY YOU WANT Customize your Empire! The characters you choose, be it a murderous mushroom society or an engineering reptile race, can be customized with traits like ethics, type of technology, form of preferred space travel, type of habitat, philosophies and more. The direction of the game is based on your choices. FREE UPDATE HISTORY
Plunge into the depths of STASIS: BONE TOTEM, the latest installment in the STASIS anthology. A new story, new characters, and a new underwater environment to explore. Follow Mac and Charlie, a husband and wife duo, who make their living scouring the ocean for salvage. But, when they stumble upon an abandoned oil rig in the Pacific Ocean, they uncover a horrific secret that Cayne Corporation will do anything to keep hidden. As you embark on your adventure playing Mac, Charlie, and their trusty Super-Toy, Moses, you'll encounter an immersive narrative filled with spine-tingling horror and unexpected twists. Combining the thrilling storytelling of STASIS and a tense underwater setting, STASIS: BONE TOTEM offers a personal story that will test the limits of family resilience. Navigate through a massive underwater base, complete intricate puzzles, and solve an ancient secret concealed at the bottom of the ocean. BONE TOTEM features the same isometric, point-and-click gameplay that made STASIS a classic fan favorite, but with a new cast and a unique setting that will leave you gasping for breath. With stunning visuals, a music score by Mark Morgan, a screenplay written by a Hollywood ace, voice acting by veteran actors, and a gripping storyline that will keep you on the edge of your seat - STASIS: BONE TOTEM is a must-play game for horror and sci-fi adventure fans. So what are you waiting for? Dive into the unknown and uncover the BONE TOTEM beneath the waves.
Drone Swarm is an entirely new and unique take on tactical games. Experience the novel way of controlling a huge swarm and the gameplay it allows! Control 32,000 individually simulated drones. Face three alien factions in quick , intense fights. Protect your immovable mothership at all costs . The swarm is your resource. Use it wisely to attack and defend at the same time. Enemies have many different abilities: lasers, rockets, mines, fast moving, shields, drone disabling weapons, repair beams and many more. Counter their tactics: every encounter has a unique combination of enemies and their abilities. Find out how they work to win! Get upgrades to your swarm and mothership. Broaden your toolbox of defensive and offensive abilities. Make it to the next system alive and find New Earth! Drone Control Select the drone behavior: attack, defend, physical or energy. Then draw paths and drones will execute the order. Put drones in attack mode and attack enemies where they are most vulnerable. Evade their defenses, go around their shields. Put the drones in defence mode and they'll form walls that shield you from enemy lasers and rocket blasts. Put the drones in physical mode and you can cannonball into them, fling asteroids into enemies, bang enemies against each other, many tactical combinations are possible. If you fail, analyze what went wrong and try a different tactic. Master and combine several drone abilities to counter constantly evolving attack waves. Defend your mothership, win the attack waves, upgrade the swarm and your mothership, get to the next system alive!
Odium to the Core is a single-button, music-based challenging side-scrolling game with a beautiful but dark monochromatic art style. Guide Odium through dangerous and intense music-fueled levels to fight and stop the spreading corruption. Reach the core and save the world! Keep the balance to avoid traps, enemies and move through narrow passages. Defeat challenging bosses and discover the story behind the corruption of Odium's world.
Far Realm Epics 2: Holy Return is a Turn-Based Combat and Story Sci-Fi game that tells the universe mythologies in a deep language that is in the terminal of the universe, Planet of Destiny . From 'Where Am I?' to 'Who Am I?' Years later, returning to the Planet of Destiny, our hero realizes that he was actually sent to this planet for a purpose. Because he does not remember his past, he realizes that the beginning and the end of the road are in himself. He realizes that the facts are not what they seem and that the actions have deep meanings. Core Features 3D Realistic view Nearly 30 turn-based attack styles Nearly 20 readable books Day Cycle and Special Dreams Collectible mystery plants and flowers 4 learnable languages and exam systems System of buying seeds, selling crops and growing plants 23 Special abilities Obtaining new items with the alchemy system Mining and ore processing system 10 different dungeons and their stories WoodCutting and fishing system Ney Flute System And more
Please Fix The Road is a colorful, minimalistic, laid-back and casual puzzle game in which it's probably not hard to guess... you're fixing roads! In each level you have a specific limited set of tools that will help you get all the cars, boats, trains or animals from their point A to point B. The mentioned animals include, of course, kittens, dogs and... pink llamas! You are able to manipulate multiple tiles at the same time. You can insert, destroy, rotate, copy, swap, raise, lower, push or move different segments of roads, rivers, paths or railroad tracks. The game combines elements of many other logic games into a nice minimalistic experience. Your road repair doesn't have to be beautiful, it just needs to get the job done! So please... Fix the road and have fun! Your mom will like this game too!
In 1994, the Swedish engineer, entrepreneur and adventurer Malte Stierngranat was buried in a pyramid that he had designed himself. The pyramid was erected almost half a century prior to his death, on a piece of land that Stierngranat bought close to his home. He also had his own personalised coffin built, which he always took on trips, even shorter ones. Carol is contacted by the cleaner George in the middle of a cold Swedish winter. This leads her on a journey in which she has to delve into Malte Stierngranat's illustrious life and his legacy. George is the cleaner and caretaker of Malte Stierngranat's son, Erik, and his family. The entire family, which is one of the wealthiest in the city, has gone missing. George is left without a job, and without a final paycheck. He's also worried about what has happened to the family. When Carol believes that her investigations have led her to a dead end, the boyfriend of Malte Stierngranat's granddaughter is found dead in the family's old barn. The police investigation shows that his body has been lying in the barn since the family's disappearance. Bosch's Damnation is the first Carol Reed game which takes place in both the winter and in the summer. It features numerous incredible locations for exploration, ranging from the surrealistic and idyllic to the gritty and filthy. The game is mouse driven and features a classic adventure game interface. There is absolutely no need to have played any of the previous Carol Reed games to fully enjoy Bosch's Damnation. The game starts with an interactive tutorial which explains how to play. And dont worry about getting stuck. The game features a hint system which you can consult any time. The game takes place in Sweden, but is in English. All dialogue has optional subtitles. The game contains no graphic violence or strong language. It has no action sequences, and is suitable for ages 15 and up. You can't die in the game.
Become the Researcher Submachine is a hand-drawn puzzle adventure game. You will find yourself in a vast network of desolate locations containing puzzles, secrets, notes and items to collect to help you along the way. the World of Submachine With over 1900 rooms to visit, there's a lot to see here. The underground world of submerged machines offers you vast variety of locations and structures to discover and repair. While everything is shattered, you will try to put things back together to understand and escape. Story You are alone here. You will follow the footsteps of a banished lighthouse keeper discovering his descent into ruins of Submachine. The story is divided into chapters that will unlock for you as you progress through the game. The story is conveyed by series of notes that you'll collect and read. Puzzles There are tons of puzzles, some of which you'll solve by bringing the machinery back online, tinkering with it, turning off and on again. For others you'll need to find missing parts, levers that were broken off or stolen, depleted power sources, gears, cogs, lamps, coils and so on. As you move through the structure, you will be putting back together things that were shattered. Graphics Entire game is hand-drawn. There's nothing auto-generated nor procedural. Each location was thoughtfully designed. Stylized drawings give the game its eerie atmosphere. Music Ambient music for this game was created by ThumpMonks, with chapter 1 ambient by Marcus Gutierrez. The music perfectly emphasizes the atmosphere of lonely exploration.
Stitched is a horror adventure game that strings together the thrilling story of Catherine Stockholmes, an otherwise ordinary girl. The story begins with Catherine waking up in an eerie doll factory. With a great desire to escape, Catherine is forced to venture through the factory. But little does she know that terrible fates always befall the curious ones. Will Catherine muster enough courage to needle her way out of the factory? Or will she fall into sheer despair and perish? Catherine Stockholmes: An 18 year oldgirl with a sweet and honestpersonality. She was diagnosedwith a serious heart conditionat a young age. Her symptomwill worsen whenever she isfrightened. This can potentially lead to her passing out or worse, death. Doll: A mysterious doll that displays a calm and stoic expression. She seems to know more about the incident that occurred in the doll factory than she lets on. Boy: A strange but simple boy who is constantly searching for his missing parents. He seems to be seeking for more than just his parents... Compelling story: - Drives gameplay and exploration. Unsettling atmosphere: - Feel the suspense of not knowing what lies behind each door. Meticulously detailed, hand drawn cut scenes: - Original art brings scenes to life. Thoroughly developed characters: - Make decisions based on character actions and motives. Heart-stopping chase sequences: - Tread carefully. A variety of engaging puzzles: - Solve puzzles in order to progress as well as unlock secrets.
Re-live Arc System Works' trademark beautiful visuals and deep expressive combat, with improved netplay! Now is the perfect time for veterans and new challengers alike to return to the Azure! Choose from 35 unique anime-inspired characters utilizing various new and refined system mechanics. The Wheel of Fate turns again! A high-speed 2D fighting game combined with a breathtaking visual novel, the bookend to this chapter of the series breathes in new life...
From mastermind Shinji Mikami, The Evil Within 2 is the latest evolution of survival horror. Detective Sebastian Castellanos has lost it all. But when given a chance to save his daughter, he must descend once more into the nightmarish world of STEM. Horrifying threats emerge from every corner as the world twists and warps around him. Will Sebastian face adversity head on with weapons and traps, or sneak through the shadows to survive. Story of Redemption Return to the nightmare to win back your life and the ones you love. Discover Horrifying Domains Explore as far or quickly as you dare, but prepare wisely. Face Disturbing Enemies Survive the onslaught of horrifying creatures determined to rip you apart. Choose How to Survive Craft traps, sneak, run and hide, or try to battle the horror with limited ammo. Visceral Horror and Suspense Enter a frightening world filled with anxiety-inducing thrills and disturbing moments.
Calling all officers! I've got a Fashion Crime in Progress and I'm mobilizing all Fashion Police Squad members. Grab your Belt of Justice and your Tailormade Sewing Machine, we've got some Fashion Justice to dispense! Fashion Police Squad is a humorous Retro FPS where you fight against fashion crime using attire enhancing weaponry. Clean the streets of socks in sandals as Sergeant Des, and experience a single-player story full of fabulous characters, dazzling encounters, and fierce runway shows! Pit yourself against all kinds of Fashion Crimes, from saggy pants to neon brights Utilize a specialized weapons arsenal, including weaponized Sock Gnomes Jump, climb and swing your way around Trendopolis to uncover its secrets Fight against the biggest, baddest bosses in the fashion industry Solve the mystery of the resurgence of Fashion Crime and take out the villains at the top Each fashion crime has a fashion solution, and you'll need to choose between your weapons carefully to fix each fashion faux pas! Each enemy needs something, be it a splash of color or all the seams taken in, so you'll need to switch to and use the right weapons for the right situations! Picking the wrong weapon will do nothing to your enemies, so time to choose wisely!
For whoever reads this message: I'm looking for humans.... real humans. You know, the ones that have soul! Soultifity is the only thing that can save us right now. Can you help us? Features: Vibe to the music, missing a beat is okay Liberate the 7 districts and free colorful characters Defeat the robot leaders and unlock new moves Dance, loot and shop for new abilities Fear you don't have the right rhythm? Use freestyle mode!
Your planet is under attack! Take control of an experimental military drone and use it to wipe out the enemy air support. Unlocking new weapons and systems with every victory, you must customize your drone for maximum effectiveness in the final battle! With 9 re-playable levels of bullet-hell combat, plus a Bonus level, players will have plenty to time to gear up! Destroy enemy drones for power-ups, blocks, and credits. Use the blocks you find to build better drones in the editor. With hundreds of blocks, you can create any design you want! Hull Blocks: Increase durability and provide structure Wing Blocks: Increase maneuverability Weapon Blocks: Provide firepower System Blocks: Provide Power and CPU for weapons Shield Blocks: Provide additional protection Engine Blocks: Increase speed And more... Fight! Collect! Design! Defend Your World!
You wake up in a tent in a dark forest. Where are you? Why are you here? What are these strange lights that seem to show you the way? You discover notes. Diary entries from the past. Are you searching for someone? Then all of a sudden you stand in front of a dark tunnel entrance. You overcome the strong urge to run away ... and enter ... Lost in the Rift - Reborn is an exploration-type game that sends you on a journey to face your fears and uncover the gruesome past. An intense trip that certainly isn't for the faint-hearted. Lost in the Rift had been initially developed as one of the very first VR horror games, following the success of its predecessor Alone in the Rift . With Lost in the Rift - Reborn the game has received a complete overhaul, many additional features and is now also finally available for the HTC Vive and Vive controllers. To ensure the best experience, it is highly recommended to play this game using headphones and while standing.
What kind of hero will you be? In Spandex Force: Champion Rising you take control of an everyday citizen struggling to become a true superhero, with the dubious aid of the pompous Blizzard Wizard. Create your own hero, train your superpowers and battle crooks and villains in this tongue-in-cheek hex based match-3 RPG. In you quest you will encounter supervillains, evil robots, corrupt government officials and heroes in need of anger management training - and much more. And who is the shadowy figure that Blizzard Wizard has been seen conspiring with? Solve the mystery by finding all the secrets in Vigilance Valley! Features Five acts of heroic action Seven exciting minigames Four different endings Level up your superpowers 30 villains and evildoers to defeat
A Graphic Adventure Sure To Delight! Welcome to the first chapter of the NAIRI story! As Nairi becomes separated from her upper class family in the exotic city of Shirin, she embarks on a perilous journey to seek her way back home. Follow her unique story together with her ex-criminal companion Rex to solve puzzles, make friends and enemies, and uncover a dark mystery tied to the Tower of Shirin... NAIRI: Tower of Shirin is a charming graphic adventure with adorable characters in a troubled world that is sure to delight people of all ages looking for a strong narrative and puzzle experience! What To Expect? A cute yet melancholic graphic adventure: a captivating story with depth that appeals, regardless of age... or species! Tons of adorable hand drawn art which is sure whet the appetite of 'Studio Ghibli' or 'The Last Airbender' fans! Stretch your puzzle-muscles with challenging puzzles and brainteasers! Many cute colorful characters that will melt your heart - and some that might freeze it! Collect, trade and combine a wide range of wacky items! A beautiful original soundtrack that will transport you to the exotic oasis city of Shirin!
WARNING This game will not support English until 1.0 version. Introduction The Dark Ages are over and the heroes have formed a guild to make the charges for eliminating monsters more transparent and also to provide corresponding receipts. This is a guard simulation rpg game.You will play as a guard appointed by His Majesty. You need to work with an imp to deal with all the monster events in the kingdom, posting rewards for monsters and asking heroes to investigate strange things and eliminate monsters.You need to make sure that the bounty you offer is attractive enough for the heros, and profitable enough for yourself. At the same time, you need to work hard to raise your family, and also to maintain the support of the court, the people and the Heroes Guild to ensure that you will not be fired or assassinated or executed. Every playthrough will have a different random storyline, which include a main story of 2 branches and 4 endings, and more than a dozen side stories. The choices you make in these stories will have different effects. You can choose to help former princes back to throne, or you can help a cult summon an ancient evil god , but if you want to achieve these grand goals, you have to work hard to keep your job and make wise choices. How to play Receive events from all over the kingdom and talk to various clients who are in trouble Decide how to deal with these events, you can post them or let them burn. Bargain with the hero to complete the bounty at the lowest possible price. Team up multiple heroes to complete a difficult task, or send one hero to investigate suspicious case. Visit taverns, hire heroes, do some monkey business. Work hard and bring back food for your family. Deal with family chores and pry into the rumors that have been spreading around lately. Explore the city:black market,casino,arena. Unlock endings,earn the butterflies,use butterflies to change decor of the city, or some endings.
In 'Have a N.I.C.E. day' you drive on racing tracks that are so narrow that there is not even room for the shade of your car anymore. The tracks have been provided with jumps, loops etc. Fight against opponents who know no mercy. They will do everything they can to prevent you from winning the race. No matter what it takes. Now prepare for battle!
The World Union collapsed, the nations are divided into coalitions 'East' and 'West', a mysterious intelligent infection is forcing people to live under city lockdown. This is the world that needs saving. The world of KAPIA. Amidst the chaos, Stefan, a retired pilot and a strong-willed grandfather, takes on the responsibility of ending the conflict. Little does he know his most powerful ally will be his little granddaughter, Reny. Controller or Point-and-click A traditional point and click flow with an easily accessible drop-down inventory. To make things more exciting we also added a first-person close-up menu where you can interact with various items. Or play KAPIA with your controller and enjoy a modern game flow from your couch. Play for both characters People have different sides to them, and the same goes for characters in KAPIA. Discover the story from different perspectives as you play for both Stefan and Reny. Follow their own unique paths to achieve a common goal. Unique 3D design Enjoy a carefully crafted environment of medieval architecture and futuristic gadgets. Intelligent robots walk the streets of manually carved stone, power banks light up antique lamps, and typewriters serve as input devices for powerful computers. Puzzles and mini-games Logic and diversity was the key to our work on this most significant aspect of the game. Just like in traditional adventure game most puzzles are tied up with objects, but there are also conversational puzzles and a whole bunch of logical mini-games.
Auro: A Monster Bumping Adventure introduces a new kind of gameplay: Bumping Tactics. Guide Prince Auro through procedurally generated dungeons in this one-of-a-kind single-player turn based game, with only a handful of tactical spells and your wits to protect you. Face a variety of monsters, each with their own fun abilites, and then when they least expect it, give 'em a healthy bump, straight into the drink! Auro is easy to learn, difficult to master, thanks to Dinofarm Games, who've taken over six years to polish this critically-acclaimed game and bring it to Steam in its best form yet. Features A single-player competitive campaign mode Procedurally generated maps Deep, skill-based gameplay Emergent complexity! Crazy combos! Nine carefully balanced and exciting spells Quickly get to the action - no nonsense! A whole bunch of fun, challenging monsters Detailed, colorful pixel art An original thematic soundtrack From Dinofarm Games, the creators of the hit iOS dungeon-crawler 100 Rogues The game has been massively overhauled for its Steam version, with new art, a completely redesigned UI, a new map generation algorithm, new rules, changes to monsters and spells, and much more. Want a bit more info about the game? Why not watch this how-to-play video: Find out more at Come hang with the devs and the community at the KBGames discord:
Play as a real-world candidate and completely immerse yourself into the battle of the US presidential election! Travel around the United States, try to woo voters across the country, create your own political agenda, skillfully manage your campaign budget... and perhaps you will be the next White House occupant! A presidential election simulation game with realistic elements for political neophytes and serious political junkies! Nearly 20 playable and customizable candidates Features 3D animated faces and voice imitations of real political personalities Hundreds of policy proposals and playable locations taken from actual political campaigns and agendas Marketing campaign: TV spots, poster campaigns, Internet campaigns, and human billboards Campaign budget management: establish HQs; organize rallies; gather donations from super PACs, lobbies, and other kinds of organizations... Media involvement: televised debates, press events, TV shows, election night results... Low blows: rumors, fraud, discrediting your opponent... that's politics, too! Continuously appraise statistics and poll results on participating candidates on the game's website! Several game modes Realistic mode: Run for office with actual opinion polls and vote projections Equal Start mode: All candidates start with equal poll results Long or short campaign Take on an opposing candidate controlled by the computer, or by another human player online with internet rankings
Dread Templar is a fast-paced first-person shooter that combines elements from both modern retro shooters and classics from the 90s. You are a Dread Templar seeking his revenge deep in the evil realm. Explore the levels and solve puzzles to find hidden weapons and upgrades. Face hordes of demons and bloodthirsty fiends using ninja equipment, firearms, and infernal weapons that will make YOU the scariest thing in hell. Gain Dread Powers and customize your skills according to your playstyle, as they will help you in your battle against the dark forces. Dread Templar uses elements from both modern retro FPS and classic shooters such as fast-paced gameplay, dashing, headshots, and bullet time so you can enjoy the old-school shooting games in a modern way! Customize your weapon skills to fit your own playstyle and fight against the demon hordes. More than 10 types of weapons in the game including katana swords, firearms, and infernal guns! Explore side areas and secret places, solve interesting puzzles and get rewards. Handmade retro art style - all elements in the game including weapons, demons, and levels are done in a retro pixel art style reminiscent of the 90s shooters.
The legendary tile-matching skill is now being used to get laid! Crack the puzzles to make the girls reveal some great soft skin. Destroy all the anxiety blocks to win and unlock spicy pics from three hot girls. Featuring: - 3 hot girls - 16 tile-matching puzzles to play - 16 unlockable images and dialogues
Help Pete Pagassi to save the city from an evil energy drink corporation Explodz. Knock out creepy clowns, evil riot police and other Explodz-addicted maniacs with a tennis ball in the face. Bounce the ball off walls to reach targets lurking in cover and watch them tumble. Trigger masterful chain reactions and watch the chaos unfold. Finally enjoy the level finale in slow motion! Features Easy to pick-up physics based gameplay: Simply move your mouse, observe the aiming line, and click to serve a furious tennis smash. Trigger masterful chain rections: Your actions will set off chain reactions and you'll watch the events unfold while knocking out the enemies. The more enemies you knock out with a single serve, the higher your score! Save the city: Win levels to move to the next district and towards your ultimate goal: The destruction of Explodz mega-factory Over 100 levels: Try to earn a crown from each level and unlock all the achievements.
Take command of your mercenary forces in Atom Zombie Smasher . The zombie apocalypse is upon us and it's up to you to evacuate everyone before they fall prey to the undead. Conduct massive rescue operations with a helping hand from snipers, artillery crews, orbital bombardments, and more. Experience the tactical richness of fully-destructible environments and procedurally-generated campaigns. And when the apocalypse ends, create and play your own mods! Key features: Mercenaries for hire: Hire and upgrade your ragtag group of snipers, demolition teams, orbital bombardment crews, and more. No two cities are the same: Cities are procedurally-generated, giving a unique experience with each playthrough. Destructible environments: You can absolutely blow up everything. Play with friends: Up to three people can cooperatively play together. Mod support: Mix and modify the game rules however you like.
From the creators of Rise of the Triad and legendary game maker 3D Realms comes Bombshell, an action shooter game. Bomb disposal technician turned mercenary for hire, Shelly 'Bombshell' Harrison must strong-arm her way across 4 planets in an Unreal Engine-powered galactic adventure to rescue the president from an apocalyptic alien threat. With out-of-this-world enemies, a never-before-seen arsenal of devastating weaponry and a host of genre-crossing mechanics, Bombshell is set to blow you away. Features History in the Breaking Be part of Bombshell's debut as she fights to save the president and her people from a maniac's mechanical monstrosity. Brave New Worlds Traverse the dying world of Kyrron as it's consumed by its neighboring sun, discover the secrets of a civilization frozen in time on the distant world of Zeroth and travel to the epitome of technology -- a villain's vision which threatens to consume all that exists. Robot-Armed and Dangerous Shell, shock and shatter your way through vicious, bloodthirsty predators, an augmented alien species, and the remnants of an ancient race re-animated, with more than 10 weaponized arm modifications. Heavy Handed Fierce finishing moves and interactive environments make Bombshell as dynamic as she is deadly. Isometric Ingenuity Brilliantly brutal isometric shooting layered with some classic role-playing mechanics, including experience points, upgrades, side quests, and non-linear levels. All with a twist of first-person shooter mechanics. What Are You Lookin' At? Yeah, she has a robot arm. Deal with it.
Story You took control of a remote controlled robot, inside a space cruise ship called Neon Castle. This ship is sent to space from the 1930s by using a new discovered technology, a super magnetic metal that is capable of teleporting objects between its poles. Everything on this ship is controlled by humans from earth by remote controllers using radio waves. But humans on earth didn't know time was passing really slow in space. Objects keep teleporting to ship not just from the 1930 but from the 2000s too. And when this future technology reached earth it caused a catastrophic event that caused an apocalypse at your time 2130. Your mission is to collect all of these items before they reach the earth. But beware, not only the humans are hunting for these objects, this future tech attracted some other things to the ship as well. Features Beautiful settings of a mysterious cruise ship in space with the combined style of different centuries. Solve puzzles and uncover the mysteries. Collect technology from the future. Fight or work together with robots. Which are remotely controlled by humans in the Earth.
Gemstone Keeper is a twin stick shooter where avid explorers go down into the Cistershire Caverns, a large, dangerous and mysterious set of caves and caverns that are filled with vast amounts of rare and valuable gemstones. This game combines the quick and reactionary feel of a shooter with the exploration and decision making of classic roguelikes. Using an ASCII art aesthetic in its purest form, all visual assets are produced from a single text font file, software rendering and visual effects. The weapon and bullet system is fully interchangeable, over 150 gemstones to collect, several creatures and bosses, different game modes and a soundtrack that echoes through the open spaces in-between the rocky walls. Gemstone Keeper is the shooter that is both fun and eerie.
A casual racing game full of fun that can be played solo, against the computer, or online against another player. Island Racer features the unique ability to generate new original landscapes and tracks, offering infinite track combinations for a new experience with every race. Select from different cars and colors to race in head-to-head competition. Choose an On- or Off-Road track and enjoy! Crashing into the opponent is allowed to gain an edge. You will find Island Racer easy to play and full of exhilarating moments.
'What would you feel if, all of a sudden, there were a stockpile of people looking just like you on the streets?' Welcome to the world of Ctrl CV , a find-the-image platformer puzzle game. You are surrounded by countless clones of yourself, and your goal is to find the source of these doppelgangers. Try not to lose yourself in the midst of 'yourselves' . We do not know if you're one of them, or if it really is the true you... But one thing is certain; that there's only one of you that truly exist.
The mainstream of games which combines RPG and matching on the market are practically relying on numerical value. The part of matching and fighting the enemy are relatively independent. Thus, the strategic performance in the game is not so strong. We consider that there should be a better way to present and combine such RPG and matching games. And it can not only show the meaning of RPG, but can also show the relaxing entertainment of matching game. A unique three-game RPG Only three pieces in the correct position can kill the enemy in the corresponding position. Step-by-step turn-based combat brings a sense of urgency and excitement. Rogue-like elements Random enemies, random plot quests... Victory in guessing boxing, sailing expeditions, escape from the chamber of secrets, each is a new experience. A diverse mix of strategies Hero x arms x relics x props, mix up dozens of different schools build Hero skills, arms characteristics, relics, props...... There is a kaleidoscope of combinations. Rich plot full of laughter and tears Eight maps, together constitute a unique 'tallroad' style silly funny than the story line, Among them also interspersed with a variety of touching and warm stories. Savor it, and you'll learn more.
Instant Death is a First-Person hardcore reflex game. Your goal is to complete the level without touching the color red. If you touch anything red you're DEAD. Also be careful and don't rush unless you're very confident in your skill since there are no checkpoints in the levels. If you die, you'll start from the beginning. 20 challenging and some almost impossible levels. No checkpoints. Techno Music. Pride of completing a level.
WHAT IS THE BIRD OF LIGHT? Finding the answer to this question will take skill, strategy, intelligence and insight. You will need to become One with the Path. Bird of Light is an action-strategy platformer with a twist. Place bridge tiles to create paths through levels in the sky, then run through avoiding obstacles in your path. Leap over vast chasms, collect loot, and discover new lands on your journey. THE STORY OF TARA Tara, an eight-year-old girl, is something of a loner whose family moves to a farm from the city to improve the quality of their lives. Once in the country, Tara soon makes friends with all the animals on the farm. Everything goes well until one day, her animal friends start mysteriously disappearing one at a time. Tara struggles to understand what's going on, but luckily, Tara and the animals have a friend and guide in the Bird of Light, who talks to them and helps to make sense of it all. The gameplay is an abstract representation of Tara's search for The Truth. GAME FEATURES 2D level design puzzle transforms into 3rd person action. Multiple level solutions and multiple pathways within each solution. 21 Hand-crafted levels with three unique missions and two leaderboards in each level. 33 unique Achievements Over 10 hours of gameplay. Unique mode of storytelling; interactive story scenes unlocked as you progress. Subjective Difficulty Design engages players of all skill levels. New abilities and mechanics unlocked as the game progresses: The Leap, Teleportation, Moving pickups. Pause screen serves as a path finding map. Intuitive and efficient controls.
Differently Fast is a competitive wheelchair sim-racing club in Virtual Reality. The man and the wheel elegantly packed in a fast racing machine, powered by nothing but your arms. VR eSport at its finest. Muscular, fast and dangerous. Climb the ranks of The Club competing against other racers or their ghosts. - A different take on Sim Racing. With all that good stuff. - Differently Fast brings back the sport in eSports. It's sweat, tears and glory. - Synchronous and asynchronous multiplayer. Never play alone again. - Innovative and rewarding VR locomotion system. Easy to pick, hard to master.
Turn a scripted steel-cage wrestling match into a real fight in this 250,000-word interactive novel! You've always dreamed of becoming pro wrestling's biggest star...but a wrestler's world is fraught with hardship and betrayal, in and out of the ring. Become a powerhouse, a technician, a high-flier, or focus on your promo skills. There's more than one road to success. But none of those roads will be easy. This is a world where your biggest fans are your harshest critics; where the front office is more dangerous than the squared circle; where friends can become enemies with a single heel turn; where, sometimes, the only way to win is to lose, spectacularly. This is professional wrestling. And you're about to change it, forever. Slammed! is an epic interactive professional-wrestling novel by Paolo Chikiamco, where your choices control the story. The game is entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. There's never been a professional wrestling game like this, a game where the outcome of your final match, your choice of opponent, and your relationships affect the ending. When's the last time you played a pro-wrestling RPG with a 'kayfabe' stat?--or where your trash-talking 'promo' ability is as important as your core strength and wrestling technique? Enjoy a 250,000-word personal tale of friendship, competition, and revenge. Develop not only your physical abilities, but a favored wrestling style. Become a heroic face, or a villainous heel--or even turn heel. Turn a scripted match into a real fight--and vice versa. Decide when to keep kayfabe, and when to break it. Play as male or female, gay or straight.
All aboard the HMS Size Queen! New crewman Milo Barre has started work on his first cruise. He always dreamed of working for this illustrious cruise line, but his big brother bullied him by saying he wasn't slutty enough to make it. Can Milo prove him wrong and be the sluttiest cabin boy on the ship? His lifelong dream is on the line! Hardcore Cruising is about a sci-fi gay sex ship that cruises the seas as well as the heavens. The crew have normal jobs you'd see on any cruise ship, but are also enthusiastic sex workers there to make the guests naughtiest dreams come true. Join Milo on his first cruise where he proves his worth and falls in love with one or two of his shipmates. Featuring numerous fully animated sex scenes, polyamorous or monogamous options in every route, and loads of sex between the crew and with the guests, Hardcore Cruising will take you away on an erotic voyage you'll never forget! Starring He's as green as they come, and it's not from sea-sickness. Milo needs to learn the ropes fast so he can be the sluttiest cabin-boy possible! Will he have a chance for love and adventure too? Also Starring This seasoned space explorer has taken a break from his science vessel for something more fun. Maybe he can finally find a husband to explore the universe with? This sage bartender has seen it all, and can teach Milo what he needs to know with kindness and patience. Having tentacles for hair adds to his appeal too! Xellect is a perfectionist chef who's as high-strung as they come. Maybe Milo can help teach him how to relax and enjoy the voyage? What's got this guy so nervous? Harse is part of a work-release program from space prison. What crime did he commit to get life locked up? Can Milo find a crack in this tough criminal's exterior? Guest Starring Plumbottom is too busy being the ship's entertainment coordinator to be a possible love interest, but he'll be a great help to Milo all the same. Why is the ship's doctor so creepy? And what's this magical treatment he's doing to everyone's butts? Featuring Four Sexy Routes! Poly or Monogamous Romance Options! Numerous Fully Animated Crew Sex Scenes and Static Guest Scenes Sex with Crewmembers and Guests An Original Disco Music Soundtrack! 20 Achievements Sex with Unique Humanoid and Non-Humanoid Aliens! Sex Positive Erotic Gay Fun! Press Ctrl-V to turn on the Text to Speech Option and have all game text read out loud!
Play Astroflux - a retro styled, action packed MMO space shooter. You start the game with a puny 'pew-pew'-ship and start your journey to explore the huge Astroflux Universe. Team up with other players and take down the aggressive bosses and hordes of enemies while you search for new materials and scraps to upgrade your ship. Astroflux sports cozy arcade graphics paired with modern awesome particle effects. And, the soundtrack is great! Enjoy and fly safe!
An adventure visual novel with a pixel art style. About ghosts, past love, and a world of the unconscious. It has a simple click-to-advance mechanic, with minimalistic controls. Will you follow the scent of spider lilies, or will you ride again the engine steam? Or maybe, both?
Shady Lewd Kart takes go karting party games and mashes it with a dating sim to give you fast power sliding game play, sexy power-ups and lewd unlocks. The first ever Ecchi Kart game! Powerslide around crazy tracks from ghost houses, speedways and even some of your favorite lewd games. Pick up as many dating items as you can and present them to the 'Pitgirls'. Unlock lewds in a gallery jam packed with sexy content. Play along with your favorite racers, unlock their stories and help them to get laid! What would a racing game with lewd character be without guests? We have over 45 characters from your favorite ecchi games across the globe, making this the BIGGEST crossover in the sexy community! With more guest characters to announce, multiplayer, free roam and even missions, Shady Lewd Kart will be the thiccest lewd game you will ever play! So what are you waiting for? Grab them thots and race them karts!
From the creative mind behind The Adventures of Shuggy comes an exciting new retro-styled 2D platformer, a winner of Dream Build Play 2012 and a top 50 game of 2012 according to Game Informer. Grab the gateway guns and explore a huge lab filled with mysterious puzzles in this classic platforming adventure. Use gateway technology to leap from one place to another, change size to explore small passages or defeat large enemies, walk on walls and ceilings to reach new areas and even travel in time to work together with past echoes of yourself. Move seamlessly between different areas of the vast labyrinthian map with no waiting for loading screens as you explore and discover new power ups. Use each of your new abilities to progress further, unlock shortcuts and find even more power ups. Can you escape? Key Features Travel across a room instantly using gateways. Change size using the resizing gateway gun. Interact with your past echoes using the time travel gateway gun. Walk on walls and ceilings using the rotation gateway gun. Sprawling open-world design. Use Gateway's sophisticated help system to discover if you can solve a puzzle and even watch the solution played out in front of you.
Three marks remain. Embark on a blood soaked quest of vengeance as either Yuki, a machine-armed, mentally unraveling prisoner, or The Dishwasher, a relentless, reanimated samurai, against the corrupted leaders of society: the Banker, the General, and the Judge. The followup to 2009's Dead Samurai, The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile is a combo-fueled, fast-paced, stylistic 2D action platformer that features the series' staple gritty, graphic novel-inspired art style, built on a new engine that allows for an even more visually gruesome experience. Originally released in 2011 on Xbox360.
Plovdiv, the year 2XXX. Men no longer exist and the population outside this city has mysteriously vanished. What remains is wholly under the control of mysterious shapeshifters who take the form of humans and monsters. Few believe the reports of their existence, and those who discover their existence don't often live long enough to tell the tale. Aerannis is a game in which an assassin, Ceyda Farhi, uncovers the truth. Her missions involve sneaking around, taking hostages, using human shields, laying down traps, and assassinating those who are a part of the conspiracy. Countless massive, intense boss battles are seamlessly blended in with the stealth action. Features: Gorgeous, vibrant pixel art and a stellar soundtrack A large interconnected world to explore Fast, intense action Emphasis on stealth and tricking enemies for quick, silent kills Intertwined missions that unravel the conspiracy of the world
Move the boxes to open the doors Escape from enemies Featuring Levels with increasing difficulty. Relaxing and varied gameplay. Various Environments.
Enjoy Delicious, the award-winning cooking story game series! In this wonderful Christmas tale, Emily plans a family trip to a cute little cottage for the holidays. Everybody embarks northbound on the Miracle Express, excited for an amazing adventure. However, they soon discover someone else is already living in their cottage... What are you waiting for? Bake a big batch of cookies, nog an egg, and settle in with a hot drink to warm up your Christmas spirit! ENJOY THE 14TH SEASON of Delicious RUN YOUR DINERS and serve food in a variety of kitchens in 61 story levels and 31 extra challenge levels DASH THROUGH 6 wonderful Christmas locations, and cook many dazzling dishes in exciting time management levels COLLECT DIAMONDS to invite the entire family to Paige's school play ENJOY HIDDEN OBJECT ELEMENTS and see if you can find all mice More Gamehouse Original Stories: Delicious - Emily's Message in a Bottle Delicious - Emily's Hopes and Fears Delicious - Emily's Home Sweet Home Delicious - Emily's New Beginning Fabulous - Angela's Fashion Fever Fabulous - Angela's Sweet Revenge Heart's Medicine - Time to Heal
Welcome to the beautiful world of Ni no Kuni! After being overthrown in a coup, the young king Evan sets out on an extraordinary quest to found a new kingdom, unite his world and protect its inhabitants from the dark forces that threaten them. Join him on an unforgettable adventure which blurs the line between animated feature film and video game. Developed by LEVEL-5, Ni no Kuni II features enchanting character designs from the legendary artist Yoshiyuki Momose and a stirring soundtrack composed by the world-famous Joe Hisaishi.
The world of Skycadia is overrun with sky pirates -- and there's profit to be made! Take to the skies and collect bounties by shooting down the scoundrels in this light-hearted flying adventure. Compete with friends for the highest bounty Explore the colorful world of Skycadia Fill up your Bounty Book
Join the Company! It's 2066 and the world is a different place. While the privileged insiders live in fertile domed cities, the rest of us fight for survival in the wastelands. Rival gangs battle for supremacy, turf control and valuable resources. In order for a young man to succeed he must make the right choices about his future. That's why you want to join the Company. It's on you, rookie. We think you've got the skills, but do you have the guts to go up against the worst maniacs from the lepers, the templars, and the red sixers gangs? We'll give you a piece, a rig, and let you try and prove yourself. No guarantees, but if you pull this off you might have what it takes to be one of us.... Game Features: Vehicular and on-foot combat - in and out of cars ANYTIME during gameplay Earth-shaking explosions and special effects 12 deep missions featuring stealth, assassinations, hostage rescues and sabotage Massively destructible worlds Car-jack enemy vehicles Optimized for leading 3D cards and Direct 3D. Includes Soundtrack in both FLAC and MP3 formats.
In the realm of G'nar you are a spell casting, minion summoning, magic card playing, bow wielding wizard. Equipped with your enchanted deck of cards, step into battle and fight to become the Champion of G'nar. --Features-- Manastorm amplifies the fun of traditional magic card games through virtual reality. It brings the player into the action with animated cards, world scale minions and magic spells cast from their hand. To start the player has a deck of enchanted cards that they draw from each turn, and a stack of mana crystals that increase each turn. The play will literally throw their card of choice onto the battlefield. If the player has enough mana to cover the cost of the card, the cards enchantment will be cast. The player can spawn minions, cast spells to add buffs, shields, etc. The player can also cast spells to use hero powers such a fire and ice beams. See the steam discussion for updates.
A minimalist puzzle game about life, death, and clones.
A THRILLING STORY The year is 1888, the war against the ruthless 'Nation' is coming to a head and threatens to completely destroy the alternate land of Hemera. As a last resort to save their world, Jules Verne and Captain Nemo embark on a search for the source of the power of Atlantis aboard the infamous submarine Nautilus. If the legends are to be believed, an ancient artefact lies buried there that has the power to change the course of history: the Flame of Hephaestus! An artefact whose mighty power was once responsible for both the rise and fall of legendary Atlantis. On his journey, Jules Verne will not only discover unimaginable wonders and mysteries - he must also confront a dark and seemingly overpowering entity whose sole ambition is to eradicate the power of imagination from the minds of all the people of Hemera ... including his! GAMEPLAY Unleash your imagination: Use the power of the IMAG, an ancient device from Atlantis, to rewrite history and change Verne's fate at certain moments. Non-linear dialogues: A varied gameplay experience that reflects the human ability to imagine and tell the most fantastic stories. An Atlantis-tic scavenger hunt: In gameplay inspired by classic adventure games, solving puzzles and exploring every inch of your surroundings is always the key to success. No Ruin Left Unturned: The atmospheric and detailed pixel art steampunk world invites you to explore: from the dark corridors of the Nautilus to the Atlantean Ruins. With attention to detail: Become part of a fascinating story about the life and works of Jules Verne.
Kaiser Kiwi has kidnapped your roly poly friends and taken them to his Frigid Castle and only you can save them! Explore a colorful bug-themed world infused with retro charm and chock full of inventive hazards and enemies. Features 4 to 10 hours of playtime Make your way through 36 expansive levels filled with unique enemies, hidden gems, and challenging bosses in a retro, 2D adventure Use your super shell to spin, bounce, roll, and ricochet across the land on a mission to save your friends from the clutches of the evil Kaiser Kiwi Defeat eleven insane bosses, including a crazed stoplight, haywire appliances, and a giant spider stuck in a computer case.
Hardcore multiplayer action game with puzzle elements. Players will play for an unusual sphere that looks very attractive and varies depending on the state of the character. The gameplay takes place in a maze, in different modes, at the moment the game has one game mode 'Deathmatch' but in the future there will be more. Also in the maze you will be in danger in the form of traps that you can use to achieve victory. Players are available to a variety of modifiers that will improve the parameters of the character such as speed, damage, health, etc.
Slime Crunch is a 2D Platformer game where the player has one goal: Crunch slimes. Featuring 18 levels which span across six biomes, Slime Crunch provides a varied and challenging experience in every level. An excellent combination of spritework by Kenney and music by Kevin MacLeod, Slime Crunch provides a beautiful and immersive experience. BIOMES
Welcome to the Meat Zone. Prop Hunt where PROPS HUNT YOU. Also it's a horror roguelike! Golden Light is a procedural dark comedy horror game with roguelike elements and an eerie atmosphere. Descend into the depths of the Gut to save your loved one. Procedural levels! Randomized weapons! Procedural spooks! Talking BICYCLE ! Talking DUDE IN THE TOILET ! Things you can eat or throw in this game: Bat Head, Corrupted Fetus, Fish Head, Fat Lips, Meat Apple and many more!
You finally get a chance to leave the city behind for the first time in years and head out for a relaxing weekend hike in the middle of nowhere. Explore the massive world of unknown and discover the secrets of the wilderness. During your hike a lot of different scenarios happen, for example thunderstorms and such! Hike offers you a relaxing and exploration filled experience. Complete camping related quests in many parts of the magical forests. Soundscape of Hike is designed to be calm and nice for the ears, including background music, natural noises of the forest and more. The length of the game depends on the player. Hike lasts anywhere from half an hour to one and a half depending on the speed of progression. Achievements of Hike are super easy to get by just playing the main storyline even though you still have to pay attention to few things
Discover the balcony room in a completely new 3D world. Move with your unique character. Discover the expanse of the balcony room, its facets and niches. Shoot with your gun and move the objects through the game's physics! Fling them off the balcony or across the room, whatever you want! You can experience the game in first person as well as in third person, depending on your wishes.
Do you got a soft spot for old school Shoot em ups? Then look no further! Cyberpunk 3776 harkens back to the glory days of arcades. It all begins on a post apocalyptic earth and proceeds into space. Your journey will be a metaphor about life and death, a road that every person has to walk down alone. The only choices you get while on your path to the inevitable end: keep your head up high or forfeit. This game features a bold, unique and dark atmosphere with seven original stages. Each of them includes a unique boss that will challenge your skills and require it's own tactics. Cyberpunk 3776 boasts hours of breathtaking action, ship upgrades, floating healthpods and great voice acting by Nico Uusitalo.
Astellia Online is a Classical MMORPG striving to return the genre to its roots. That is not to say it is a remake of what has been done before, but instead, a tribute to the original tenants of the MMORPG Phenomena combined with innovation and promise. Set in a vibrant fantasy world, Astellians are heroes blessed by the stars to call upon magical allies known as Astells. Each Astellian is charged with protecting the innocents of the world, a task that will take them through the darkest dungeons and across countless battlefields. Take up the Hero's Mantle and let your grand adventure begin; Astellia boasts a wide variety of unique and diverse dungeons, both for the solo player as well as parties, that reward those adventurers based on how well they perform. What better way to test your hard earned dungeoneering rewards than to take them to the arena? Arenas in Astellia offer both cooperative and competitive styles; whether you want to team up with your friends to fight hordes of monsters or go toe to toe against your fellow Astellians, the Coliseum will always provide for your competitive needs. For those, both bold and brave enough to crave more, the field of Avalon awaits your glorious conquest. Avalon is the grand battlefield where three factions clash and vie for dominance. To claim victory you must be prepared to raise an army, fight strategically, and commit your full military might in order to overcome your adversaries. All of these elements and so much more combine to bring the world of Astellia to life, all it is missing is your story. Through years of development, this fantasy has been made reality, and we hope that you will join us as we adventure forth to see what the future holds for all of us.
A Demon Hunter receives a letter from Daniel, a man begging for help against a demonic infestation from the mountain that he calls home. The Hunter, in a search for him through the cold and abandoned world, will discover a twisted tale of intimacy and violence of the past, and must use that knowledge to purge the demons from the once-beautiful land. - Hand animated 2D characters on a cold and ruined 3D world - Methodical combat that rewards patience, precision, and knowing the enemies intimately - A one-sitting narrative of discovering memory fragments that showcase the beauty of the past - Fully voiced dialogues and narrations - Optional Narrative Mode for those who don't want difficulty to affect the pacing of the story, without taking away the intensity of combat
Super Daryl Deluxe is an RPGvania with brawler-style combat set inside of a perfectly normal, sprawling, multi-dimensional high school. Like any other perfectly normal school, its students and faculty are going missing and the classrooms have been locked down for weeks. Yes, there's nothing remarkable happening at WFHS whatsoever - just ask the new principal. Things are bound to get stirred up when an enthusiastic, bizarrely dressed new kid wanders into town. This go-getter's name is Daryl, and he just wants to make friends. What starts out as an innocent effort to help jump-start a young contraband textbook business turns into a harrowing quest through the school and its enormous, monster-filled classrooms in the hope of becoming the most popular kid in town. Oh - and saving everyone's lives is top priority, of course. No need to worry. There's nothing to see here at Water Falls High School. Key Features: Cartoon violence - buy and upgrade over 40 skills to make the kills! Hundreds of characters like Julius Caesar, Mozart, and the janitor! A sumptuous open world featuring scads of maps! More than 15 hours of story with minimal plot holes! Discover secrets instead of completing the story! Talk to strangers and run their errands in exchange for sweetloot! Don fancy equipment like a Dunce Cap or the Super Weenie Sword! Legendary soundtrack with tunes ranging from creepy to rock opera!
Take control of Keel the Barbarian, face a ton of monsters and collect the ancient relics to empower your skills! Will you manage to stop the fury of the powerful man-lion called Leomhann? Roar of Revenge offers a rich level design and a balanced difficulty level, without renouncing to a good dose of challenge! Features: Pixel art graphics, based on the NES palette! An epic 8-bit chiptune soundtrack! Pure old school action! Acquire new skills with the relics! 10 levels to complete! Checkpoints and saves to guarantee and balanced challenge! Wide variety of enemies and traps! Feral bosses ready to destroy you! Counter of the deaths! Different endings to unlock, based on your skills!
Newly hatched from an egg, our young dragon searches for the important things in life. And to a dragon, that means treasure! Search underground mazes and solve elaborate puzzles in your quest for gems, and see if you can hoard enough to impress the other dragons! A classic puzzle challenge, featuring over a hundred levels and many different objects including treasure chests, replicators, floating balloons, fire beams, thieving elves, conveyor belts, gravity switches, and many more! Between all these traps, the levels require a good mixture of reflex action and thoughtful planning; and the varied mechanics keep things interesting to solve. The puzzles are fair: no luck-based puzzles, no searching for walls you can walk through, and all time limits are optional. Finally, a powerful level editor lets you make your own levels and share them on the Steam workshop. 'One of, if not the best puzzle game ever ... It's definetely worth a try for any puzzle fan.' - Reloaded.org 'Exciting and relaxing at the same time, SubTerra is guaranteed to provide you with many hours of pure enjoyment.' - Home of the Underdogs Featured on television by Locomotion.
Prophour23 is a fast-paced, replayable real-time strategy. It's designed for short, quick plays. A single playthrough will take you about 15 minutes, if you're good. But the next one will be different. And another one as well. You build an organism out of various organs and try to come up against stacking odds. Organs can be connected in various ways, producing different results. Discover best combinations and watch your organism fall apart! Full game experience in 15 minutes Fast-paced strategy with deep mechanics Randomized and replayable Also available on Android!
The Ascent is a solo and co-op Action-shooter RPG, set on Veles, a packed cyberpunk world. Welcome to The Ascent Group arcology, a corporate-run metropolis stretching high into the sky and filled with creatures from all over the galaxy. You play as a worker, enslaved by the company that owns you and everyone else in your district. One day, you are suddenly caught in a vortex of catastrophic events: The Ascent Group shuts down for unknown reasons and the survival of your district is threatened. You must take up arms and embark on a new mission to find out what started it all. You belong to the corporation. Can you survive without it? SOLO OR CO-OP Play the entire game alone or work together with up to three friends in local or online co-op. EXPLOSIVE SHOOTER Aim low or high, switch weapons and equip lethal gadgets, take cover and use the destructible environments at your advantage and keep adjusting your tactic as you face new enemies. RPG ELEMENTS Customize your character with cyberware that suits your playstyle. Allocate new skill points as you level-up and try various augmentations to take down your enemies in new creative ways. A VIBRANT CYBERPUNK WORLD Meet new allies and enemies and find loot as you explore the brimming world of The Ascent and its wide range of districts, from the deep slums to the higher luxury spheres.
Driven Out is a challenging 2d side-scroller with deliberate combat and beautiful 16 bit retro aesthetic. A farmer is forced from her home into a dangerous world in upheaval. Forced to fight dangerous fantastical creatures. Luckily she has stumbled upon a magical contraption that creates copies of herself if she perishes. As long as this device has power she can place custom checkpoints. However it is a fragile device and if the enemies choose to attack the device it will quickly break. Enemies are numerous and varied in this seamless world. The farmer has no combat experience but as long as she keeps her wits about her and read the enemies she can prevail. The enemies are also not without wit and might choose to attack the checkpoint if left unprotected. Features Deliberate combat. Read the enemy and act accordingly. Beautiful 16 bit retro art style with fluid animations. Seamless world without any in-game load screens. Checkpoints can be placed anywhere. Destructible checkpoint, if left unprotected the enemies can choose to attack the checkpoints instead of the player. Skill based combat. No character progression and no loot.
Search for 100 jellyfish. The ontology is free of charge. You can achieve all the achievements. There are hundreds of additional jellyfish in DLC. A carefully hand drawn 4K scene filled with cute characters. The process is short and won't take up too much player time. You can choose your favorite dyeing for the convenience of color blind players. Extremely easy to achieve. Automatically save and read files. There is a local timer ranking. No punishment, easy and enjoyable. You can play games with family and friends on the same computer, suitable for all ages.
This is the story about a girl named Anastasia , who ends up in a school filled with hideous monsters and gains amazing strength after a strange incident. She has to find her brother while trying to defeat crowds of the dead, collect everything useful and leave this terrible place where she is losing her mind every minute. Are you ready to help a damsel in distress or leave her to the mercy of the terrible monsters? You decide. General information Fight dozens of monsters within the walls of a creepy school! Many unique enemies and bosses. Amazing abilities Jumping in space Several endings Dangerous enemies Challenging gameplay Running out of power? Firearms are at your disposal! Use them wisely, there is veeery few ammo. This is our first game. We love our players and we hope that you will be satisfied with our game and leave us your feedback. Thank you for your purchase! With love, noindex games.
Welcome to The Lonely Gorilla store page! This is a animal survival game in the tropical African rain forests and grasslands. A living, breathing environment. Advanced AI simulating animal behaviour. Full climate and weather system. What do you do in the game? Explore Rain-forests, grasslands and mountain ranges. Role play as a wild silver-back Gorilla separated from his troop. You must survive the harsh environment finding food, water and shelter. The ultimate goal is to be reunited with your troop, then protect them against predators and the environment. Can you regain their bonding after the separation? As the alpha male only you can keep the troop together and have the right to mate with the females to produce offspring. If bonding is not high this will not occur, and can even lead to challenges from rival males for troop leader status. As food resources dwindle, you must lead your troop to new areas while keeping them safe. How long can you survive? The game is an indie experience from a small team with a focus on the environment and wildlife. We want to give you a true feeling of this amazing, vastly unexplored area of our planet. Highly detailed environments. Full day night cycle and accurate climate system. Plant growth system. Danger from poachers. Threat from predators and rivals. We hope you enjoy exploring the beauty of the grasslands, rivers, and rain-forests of Africa. Authentically crafted terrain, vegetation and animals. We would love to hear your feedback on the game, and what you would like to see as we develop towards release.
JimJams games are a small, indie development team with a love for the retro games of the '80's and 90's. We only develop games that embrace that era, aiming to provide true classicly styled gaming, with a massive retro feel, maybe with a slight hint of what these games would have been with a little more processing power. We don't aim to develop AAA games, but simply to bring our passion for a time gone by to those who love truly classic themed and inspired games. If this is a genre and era that you love, then our games are for you. Solar Wind is our take on the classic sidescrolling shoot 'em ups of the past. Fight your way through deep space, penetrate asteriod belts, swoop low across alien moons, and weave through narrow caverns, and alien complexes as you take the fight to an unknown enemy. Solar Wind encompasses many elements of the classic side scrolling, shoot 'em ups. Blast asteroids, take on alien ships, upgrade your ship with numerous add-ons, and navigate the unknown in the retro-themed blaster. We've taken our love of such games as Scramble, R-Type, Gradius, Vanguard, and a load more and combined our favourite features of each.... And we haven't stopped yet! 20 challenging, themed, retro blasting stages. A new big boss at the end of every stage. Over 90 different aliens, enemy weapons and defences.. Destroy radar stations and ground bases to interrupt the alien responses. Fight challenging and varied mid-stage boss ships. Upgrade your ship with over 80 weapons, equipment, armour and add-ons. , Battle to the thundering, original, Astro rock soundtrack.
What is it? Seek Etyliv is a minimalistic experimental puzzle game, combining the fun dungeon crawler gameplay with indirect poem story telling. It challenges your ability to quickly grasp newly introduced mechanics, all on a 3x3 grid. There are more interactions than you might expect to discover from such a restricted gameplay environment. Seek Etyliv. Gameplay Control a character on a 3x3 grid Clear the level of enemies or reach the stairs Die, then repeat with a fresh perspective Enjoy figuring out the mechanics Discover the lore of Etyliv Hammering Home Minimalism is the name of the game. Seek Etyliv distills the gameplay of traditional dungeon crawlers to their very core. Intricate tactical gameplay is presented under the hood of minimalistic visuals and approach to story telling. However, minimalistic does not mean simple. While the entire game takes place on a 3x3 grid, exactly 9 tiles, it makes sure these tiles are utilized to their utmost potential. Each level is built to engage with and preserve the sense of wonder and discovery. Mechanics take the spotlight.
How long could you survive in a parallel universe where the Mist dictates its rules? Would you be able to find the way to your homeworld, or will you adapt to live under the Mist domain? Fight for resources, try to survive and discover the secrets of this world. This is your story. Lost Scavenger is a hardcore game about surviving in an open world that is overrun by the Mist. You play as an ordinary guy that has fallen into an anomaly and found himself in a world that has been haunted by the Mist for the last 30 years. How far could you make it in a dying world in which every step may be your last one? Would you be able to find the way to your homeworld, or will you adapt to live under the Mist domain? Features: Unique world . The postapocalyptic world shrouded in impenetrable Mist. Small anclaves of survivours are scattered around what has left of the world. Do you have what it takes to find your path through all this? Active pause . It triggers after your every action so you can thoroughly read your surroundings, make assessions and plan your further actions. One life only . Your character lives only once. If they die, they die. Game over. And yet, it is a cruel world you're going into! No grind . No character leveling, no skill trees, no EXP whatsoever. Instead, you have to learn to play better, use your strengths and compensate your weaknesses. Git gud! Randomly generated world . Different biomes, weather conditions, anclaves and quests make every playthrough unique. Immersive simulation . The narration is dynamic and depends on your world generation settings and actions that you perform in that world. Every playthrough is a new story. And it is not necessary to follow the storyline: you can just wander around the world to try yourself! Virtues and flaws . Choose what you're good at and what you're not every time you start the new game. Unlock new traits during your adventure. They will give you the access to new abilities and dialogue options! Rich crafting system that lets you experiment or craft unique items from recipes that may be found throughout the world. Battles with a wide range of tactical techniques . Realistic damage . Creatures have a complex damage system, including locational damage, bleeding, painkillers, infections and aggravation. Realistic metabolism : fatigue, hunger, dehydration, hypothermia, diseases, intoxication. Mutations : character affected by the Mist might get their limbs or organs mutated, which will grand them unpredictable effects. Realistic inventory . A complex item management system with both weight and volume limits forces players to carry only what is most necessary to character's survival. Hexagonal map . Travel through ruins, hills, forests and plains on a hexagonal map. Direct visibility, altitude and daylight affect the viewing distance. Settlements : meet other survivors in their enclaves. They may provide food, rest and medical care. If you have something to give in return. Scouting : use your gear to explore your surroundings. Stealth tactics : search hiding places, use camouflage and ambush your enemy. Hunting : hunt wildfowl for food and fur, or hunt down big ones for rare ingredients. Use your lockpicking skills to open stashes with precious loot. Foraging . Search for edible plants and water sources, and use special skills to determine what is safe to consume. World inhabitants AI . Everything on the map lives its own life. Creatures wander around, gather resources, hunt each other or gather into packs to higher their chances to survive, which means a great danger to the player. Dynamic weather : daytime cycle, temperature, precipitation - and all of that depends on a season. For now, you always start in the middle of the autumn, and if you're strong enough, you will be able to live until winter.
Esse Proxy is a slick, stylish and brutal, 3D Cyberpunk Shooter. Located in a dystopian future, you'll experience the intertwined stories of three different characters, each with their own abilities, playstyles, strengths and weaknesses. Kill or die, learn and repeat before you unveil the secrets of Esse Proxy. You're a little soul, carrying a corpse, not entitled to be just an illusion. Allow me to introduce yourself, no more than just some entropy. I'm still here, keep looking, will you?. MAIN FEATURES Take the role of several characters united by a series of past and future events, each with their own abilities, strengths and weaknesses. Face a brutal high octane yet strategic combat, one missed shot or one misstep can be the end of you. Esse Proxy offers a hard yet rewarding difficulty. Find different secrets to learn the untold stories of this twisted tale
Rage in Peace is a side-scrolling adventure game that tells the story of Timmy Malinu, an emotionally numb 27 years old actuary who only has one dream that sets him apart from most people: to die asleep in his pajamas, in the warmth of home, in peace, and with no drama. Story On one fateful day, a Grim Reaper appears bearing news that Timmy will die today . With his head cut off. But the Grim Reaper did not specify when, where, or what will kill Timmy, giving him one final chance to realize his dream. Gameplay But achieving his dream will not be an easy task for Timmy. To reach his home, Timmy will have to avoid all the traps and obstacles that mysteriously show up to stop him from 'cheating' death. Surprise and memorization will be the key for you to help Timmy postponing his demise, receive inner peace, and dying the way he always wished to. Features Learn from your mistakes and push forward as the universe works against you Unravel the story of life, death, and acceptance Explore the colorful, imaginative world and creatures, hand-drawn with cartoon style that gives colors to Timmy's adventure As you go, enjoy dozens of fantastic songs, created in collaboration with various indie bands, featuring a diverse list of genres
An enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation. The follow-up to the acclaimed 'zen puzzle' game, Quell, this offers another suite of ingenious levels to relax and test you in equal measure! Featuring another beautiful score from acclaimed composer Steven Cravis, a beautiful 'hand-painted' art-style, Quell Reflect is the perfect game to test your powers of logic, without any hint of frustration. The game also features a continuation of the side narrative - a touching story of love, loss and nostalgia. Like the original Quell, Quell Reflect is a haunting experience that will stay with you long after you've finished it. Fall in love with Quell Reflect...
Invite your friends over and go for the gold in this thrilling game of international competition. All other virtual reality games have been training you for this day! Take part in eight unique events that will test your skill, instincts and reaction time. Play against your friends in party mode or against your own high scores and the online leaderboards in practice mode. Practice a single event, create a custom competition with any events you wish, or do a full competition for the ultimate skills test. World VR Competition will be the highlight of your next party! Built from the ground up for VR with a focus on a great local party mode, everyone will get time with the headset in a thrilling competitive atmosphere. A wide variety of events, customizable characters, interesting spectator camera angles, constant medal count reminders, and a configurable headset swap timer will have all your guests engaged in the competition the entire time. This is the premier VR Party game!
Callparin Island is a sun-drenched island with lots of jungle, beautiful beaches and an extremely hot desert in the center of the island. Callparin 2 offers a varied open world where you can interact with pretty much anything. There are numerous shops where you can buy and sell. In addition, there is a lively underwater world that can be explored. Callparin 2 offers a varied open world. All shops can be entered and the island fully explored. You can buy almost anything here with money. It is up to the player how the money is made. It is a 'third-person' game in which you can move freely. You can go shopping or explore the island by vehicle. Vehicles can be modified at will in the tuning workshop and saved in your own garage. If you don't need the vehicle, you can sell it at the car dealer. Furthermore, numerous items can be found on the island that you either use for yourself or sell in an item shop. If you don't feel the urge to explore the island, you can go to the casino and try your luck at various slot machines, roulette or blackjack tables. Game website: www.callparinisland.com
You awake from cryostasis with memories lost in the confusing fog of hypersleep. Immediately you begin to manifest powerful abilities. Lightning-fast reactions. Innate combat skills. Near-supernatural agility. Your talents are quickly recognized. A mysterious woman named Yuri offers you a deal. In exchange for getting your memories back, you need to utilise your powers to become a street samurai in the crime-ridden, plague-stricken Sunset City.
Bunny's Maze is a colorful 3D Puzzle game, navigate two little rabbits and move the walls to create a path. Go through the maze and collect all the hidden carrots. Enjoy this cute and relaxing game for all ages . Features 63 Levels Simple Controls Original soundtracks Partial Controller Support Cute and colorful graphics
Cleansuit is a retro-style graphical text adventure game where you must find creative ways to survive a mysterious serial killer's assault on your home. Use text commands to manipulate the detailed environment and discover all the unique ways to win and die. Become the schlubby protagonist who must outwit his would-be killer: Explore your home, collect items to devise a path to survival, and cheat death. Along the way you'll find secrets hidden through your house. Some may help you. Most are lethal. What will you need to make it out alive? Bring your ingenuity, your curiosity, and most of all your will to live!
With Star Trek: Infinite there is no singular way to play. Whether you wish to take the route of diplomacy, espionage, warfare, or a mix of all of these, there are multiple paths to victory. You are in the command, and the fate of the galaxy is in your hands! Choose between the United Federation of Planets, Klingon Empire, Romulan Star Empire, or Cardassian Union. You will take on the role of the leader in charge of all the major decisions of your faction as the game unfolds. With each faction having their own unique styles of play, your decisions determine how successful you are in reaching your goals. Star Trek: Infinite has been meticulously created to provide an immersive Star Trek experience while allowing you to shape the story of your playthrough according to the choices you make as the leader of your chosen faction. As you take on the role of the Federation, you'll have the opportunity to recruit iconic captains and officers, including Picard, Janeway, Sisko, and Data to name a few. Meanwhile, other factions offer their own set of iconic characters to enlist, such as Gowron, Makbar, Garak, and many more. Beyond the potential cast of characters you recruit to your faction, the game grants you access to a range of starships from the Star Trek universe, tailored to each faction's arsenal. From the Federation's reliable Intrepid- and Defiant-class ships, the menacing Cardassian Galor-class vessels, the sleek Romulan D'deridex, or even the formidable Klingon Negh'Var battleships. Of course, the Enterprise-D can be developed and added to the Federation fleet through the bespoke storytelling system developed for Star Trek: Infinite. Star Trek: Infinite is built upon the core systems of Stellaris, leveraging the deep and complex system and making them its own. Aspects of these systems have been streamlined and simplified to better resonate with the Star Trek franchise.
From the creator of Don't Escape: 4 Days to Survive comes the original games that started it all. Don't Escape Trilogy contains all three of scriptwelder's original point-and-click horror adventures, compiled and preserved for Steam. Each small game within the anthology is a unique, standalone adventure that puts clever twists on every setting and format. PLEASE NOTE: These games do not contain any new content from their original versions. In Don't Escape , players find themselves in a remote cabin overlooking a tiny village. Before night falls, you'll need to find a way to effectively secure yourself inside the cabin, using everything at your disposal, in order to protect the townsfolk from yourself. Because when the full moon rises, you're not your best self... In Don't Escape 2 , you and your friend have barely suvived the undead ravaging your town, and must find a way to fortify the place you've holed up in before nightfall. Only problem is, the clock is ticking as you scour the surrounding countryside for supplies, and your friend isn't looking so great... In Don't Escape 3 , you awaken onboard a silent spaceship that holds a gruesome discovery. Without your memories, you need to find a way back home while unraveling the mystery of what happened to you and the crew, but are you really as alone as you think you are? Offering the top-notch atmosphere scriptwelder has become known for and creative puzzles and situations for you to overcome using logical problem solving skills, often with different solutions, the Don't Escape Trilogy is the perfect way to spend an evening with the lights turned down and the volume turned up. About the Developer: Poland-based developer Scriptwelder is a well known creator of creepy web-based games, perhaps the most iconic of which is the Deep Sleep series, which has won multiple awards and been played by millions all around the world. The Don't Escape series began as a web game in 2013 that inverted the classic escape-the-room formula... rather than trying to find a way out, players were instead trying to find a way to secure themselves within, usually from some sort of threat or danger. He recently released Don't Escape: 4 Days to Survive, his first full length premium game.
One day, TaiLin received a call from strange woman. The woman told him a secret that the watch he picked up last week was a tool which can help him cross through the time. When he heard that message he was very exciting. Soon he learnt the winning lottery number and then started time leap. What he didn't know is that the things waitting in the past wasn't the big prize, it was a lifelong unforgettable memory.
The Great Callasian War rages across the lands. Choose a faction and awaken the legendary heroes to lead your armies and destroy enemy forces! Build cities, conquer kingdoms, and form or break alliances on tabletop-style maps with bonus cards that can turn the tide of battle. Follow the story of the factions in single-player campaign missions with an original simultaneous turn-based system that adds deep strategic elements to dominate the fantasy world of Callasia! Note: This is a free demo which includes the tutorial, starter campaigns and four heroes for each faction, and three maps for skirmish. The full version can be unlocked through a one-time purchase from within the game or via DLC. Full Version Features: Three Factions to choose from: Hundred Kingdoms, Faeborne, and Revenant Over 25 Heroes with different classes, traits, and bonus cards 30 Single-Player Campaign Levels worth almost 40 hours of gameplay More than 40 tabletop-style Skirmish maps playable up to 8 players
Rotatex 2 is an independent story with new adventures. You have to rotate the level and solve puzzles. Feature of game: Adventure with the rotation of the level Convenient control Challenging levels Physics, doors, keys and traps. In the game you have to smoothly rotate the level and jump over obstacles. A cat named Rotatex is able to cling to walls and use sharp spikes.
Telestians A quick turn-based dark fantasy strategy game. Start off with a Hero, build new armies, and defend your castles as you strategically conquer your enemy's castles. Take control and play as any of the following factions: Barbarians - Chaos - Dwarves - Elves - Gadiantons - Knights - Orcs - Reptilians - Undead Heroes You'll start off each game with one Hero. Grow your reputation, by conquering enemies and castles, defeating monsters, and completing holy quests- all of which will attract more Heroes to flock to your banner. Search Ruins Heroes can search ruins, where they'll find treasure troves, powerful allies, or rare magical items. Each Hero can equip a magical weapon, armor and relic. Heroes can also embark on holy quests, where they will be tested to their limit against legendary monsters, and if victorious will receive the most renowned magical items in the game. Embark on Quests Any Hero can embark on a quest. Quests give you the ultimate test, as you battle against some of the most fearsome and powerful monsters in the game. Your reward will be worth it, as you'll find such powerful magical weapons to turn a losing war in your favor! Armies Each faction has its own unique armies, and special units. Armies can have attributes that could turn the tide of battle. Oversized units, flying units, archers, assassins, regeneration and much more for you to bring under your banner, and use to crush your enemies. With over 120 different armies in total, you'll need to decide which armies you conscript and send out to attack specific enemy units. Terrain Maps Random maps with various terrain provide a refreshing undiscovered game map with each new game. Hills, favored by the Dwarves, grant defensive bonuses. Elves favor the woods, Reptilians, the jungle. The slow, but relentless, Undead can march through Marshes without any movement penalty. Explore and find the faction that best utilizes the terrain to your advantage. Victory The world of Telestia is a homage to early strategy games, with an old-school feel, and winner takes all game. Test your might now as you explore and conquer this new, fun and mythical world!
Characteristics More than 200 game characters Active automatic hunting mode for gameplay support Control up to 3 characters simultaneously More than 300 extensive areas to explore Up to more than 3,000 different quests Over 3,000 types of weapons, armor and costumes More than 190 different missions, with over 7,000 types of regular monsters and over 100 types of raid monsters Real-time faction wars with Clique Battles, Colony Wars and other PvP and RvR contents Elegant, medieval Europe-inspired graphics More than 200 alluring background tracks
GuardGrave is an old school styled game in the vein of BurgerTime. Players must close the coffins on each stage before the sun comes up. 7 Worlds, 7 Bosses and 37 Stages of co-op monster bashing mayhem! 7 Worlds of monster bashing action! 1 or 2 player co-op madness! 3 gameplay modes to choose from! 12 unique enemy types! Simplistic Pick up and play arcade action! Another outstanding soundtrack by the master of retro audio, Gryzor87!! Farting Viking Zombies! Help a couple of old farts take on Bob the Evil Necromancer and save the world of grave digging from evil!
You set off on a journey around an abandoned town to unravel a mystery of a missing journalist. A unique post-apocalyptic atmosphere and realistic graphics, ambient music, puzzles and mini-games will make your adventure unforgettable. Key Features: 55 realistic post-apocalyptic scenes 37 challenging locations Build your collection of rewards! Go through scenes again to try new quests and get new rewards! Original system of hints 11 languages supported Description: The story began a few years ago. A report by a journalist John Dow rocked the public: a catastrophe happened at the scientific center of Time Loop Corporation. They were forced to recognize the scene of the accident as dangerous. Quarantine was set there and the military department took charge of the site. Recently John Dow brought up the subject of the forbidden town once again. He alleged that the quarantine perimeter was extending, that there was anomalous area within the perimeter, and that the corporation tried to conceal that. It was soon reported that John Dow had vanished. Apparently, he went to the quarantine area to continue his investigation...
Lunistice is a linear 3D platformer that is heavily inspired by the 32-bit era of yesteryear. Follow Hana the Tanuki on her adventure through her dreams! Explore the different dreamscapes to guide her to her final destination - The Moon - and try to uncover the secrets of 'The Lunistice' along the way! Explore a multitude of different dreamscapes created from Hana's memories! Jump and run through an old shrine, a fancy water park or a world made out of food! Lunistice is designed as a simple and short experience that you can easily play in short bursts! Have fun and enjoy the good vibes! Try to beat your fastest times and highest completion and get an S-Rank on every stage! And if you're looking for some additional variety: play the whole game as a different character with their own skills and gameplay!
You are one of the multitudes of incarnations of the great Horus, and side by side with the pharaohs, you are fighting against the mighty Seth, who unleashes numerous disasters upon the lands of Ancient Egypt. Win wars and overcome crises, discover new technologies, worship your gods and conquer neighboring tribes! Are you wise enough to help the ancient kings to unify Lower and Upper Egypt, build a stable economy and to erect the Great Pyramids? Based on real history You will find yourself in Memphis, 3500-2140 years B.C., the time of the first six dynasties of pharaohs. You will unify the country and create a prosperous kingdom, which later will have to face the havoc of the First Intermediate Period. Construction of the Great Pyramids You will lead the construction of pyramids, choose their design and materials. This process requires tremendous investments, but it is the only way to keep peace and order in the country. Ancient society simulator You will not only deal with the problems of farmers and craftsmen but also make important political decisions, which will define the future of the kingdom. Numerous challenges and events of different scale await you. Ancient maps Discover the world of the Old Kingdom: exploit new lands, send expeditions to different places, and meet different cultures. Use every opportunity to learn about your surroundings and to expand Egypt's borders. Differences from Predynastic Egypt More diversity in the game, varied tasks in the regions, different tactics for playthroughs and unique bonuses from patron gods. Egypt: Old Kingdom is longer. New technologies: 3D engine and skeletal animation.
Time Recoil is a top-down shooter where you Kill to slow time , dominate slow motion gunfights, and gain special moves. Simply: Slow time, punch through walls guns blazing and see the demise of your enemies in slow motion! Your super power: Kill to slow time. Subsequent kills give more time in slowdown and enable you to conduct unbelievable slow motion feats! Kills in slowdown grant special moves. With special moves you Dash through walls and enemies. The more kills you gain, the more devastating the move. Combine slowdown and moves into a wall busting chain of destruction! The Time Machine at the rebel base will take you to the past via a wormhole. Mission goals range from assassination to rescuing scientists. Expect the unexpected along the way... You are the hero of a rebel organization with one goal: Kill Mr Time. The mad scientist controls a time based weapon of mass destruction. You must stop him in the past or you will lose the future.
In the times of darkness, only the mightiest of heroes can save the world. Stand out against the evil all by yourself in epic single player mode. Swarms of bloodthirsty monsters, loads of epic gear to collect, dozens of skills to obtain. Grab your sword and fling yourself into action now! AMAZING SCENERY: - Simply breathtaking 3D visuals. - Multitude of unique locations, villages, swamps, caves, crypts and more. - Action-packed fights with variety of enemies: wildlife, undead, trolls, renegades and many more. - A climatic soundtrack perfectly fitting the atmosphere of darkness. COMPLEX RPG MECHANICS: - Powerful range and melee characters. - Dozens of powerful skills to learn and use in your battles. - Thousands of weapons and items to collect. - Four categories of items: Normal, Unique, Epic and Legendary. - Multitude of immersive quests to complete. - Challenging fights with giant bosses. - Engaging story of hope, heroism and betrayal. - Hours of hack and slash mayhem.
Volcanoids is a base-building open-world survival shooter that replaces the boring old base with a steampunk drill. Alone or with up to 3 other crewmates, explore an ever-changing volcanic island, build out your drill, and fight hostile machines to reveal what's been hiding in the depths of the underground. EXPLORE AN EVER-CHANGING VOLCANIC ISLAND Explore a seemingly abandoned island cursed by persistent eruptions. Utilize your drillship's ability to travel underground to survive these eruptions as you discover new parts of the island, gather resources, and uncover secrets. BATTLE ROBOTS AND DESTROY THEIR MACHINERY Battle hostile mining robots of all shapes and sizes who roam the island's surface as well as underground. Capture any of their resources and technology that might be useful and destroy the rest. CRAFT, UPGRADE AND AUTOMATE The 'drillship' is your very own mobile fortress. Customize it from inside out using the building system. Progress through technology tiers to upgrade, expand, automate, and weaponize different parts of the drillship. COMPLETE QUESTS FOR THE EXPEDITION Complete different tasks and collect intel for the captain that brought you to the island in exchange for useful tips and information. However, at any point during your journey, you can stop reporting back to him and continue on your own.
A puzzle platformer game with a gradually increasing level of difficulty from casual to hardcore. The main character is the unicorn Looppy, from whom his sister was stolen. During the game you have to face various monsters, find ways to get around traps and solve many puzzles. Almost every level has an alternative way of passing and hidden locations in which you can find crystals to open additional levels, as well as bonus lives that you will need so much during the passage.
Colonize A Planet. Dominate A World. A new standard in 'Empire Building' games! Highly-Detailed graphics, addictive simulation, plus unbeatable multi-player play! Compete for a virgin planet against the colonies of six opposing alien species. A deep, rich game easily accessible even to novice players. Play alone and over a variety of networks with up to 6 other players! Game Features: Explore new planets, exploit their resources to the fullest, and manage the growth of a space colony. Win through economic and cultural domination, or stunning futuristic warfare. Friendly tutorial and on-screen help for fastest entry in the game Choose human or one of the 6 alien races, each with unique strengths, weaknesses and special abilities. See and hear alien commanders in high resolution, 3-D rendered,lip-synced animations. Overhead 3-D planet map 'zooms in' to show individual buildings, vehicles, and inhabitants in extraordinary detail.
With your king assassinated, and the country in the midst of a war, experience the events that unfurl as one of the five royal advisers now thrust together to create a collective governing council. Manage your resources and allocate them prudently to turn the tides of battle in your favor. Cultivate relationships with your other council members to convince them to support your choices. Filled with narrative-driven interactions and branching choices, Court of Ashes is a turn-based strategy game where you must learn to rule before there is nothing left to rule over. Five Separate Journeys Choose any one of the five council members to play as and witness the Court of Ashes story through different lenses. Explore how each character has their own ideas about rule and how those ideas manifest into strengths and weaknesses for them. Develop your relationship with each council member to unlock all 60 individualized affinity scenes. Responsive Storytelling Discover 18 different endings, with various subendings, driven by your choices. Decide which path to follow in a branching narrative which follows your responses to both the war and the other council members. Continual Discovery Explore the story a second, third, or fourth time through different characters, approaches to conflict, and alliances. Earn unlockable outfits, starting options, and scenes to enhance each new dive into the choices and experiences of Court of Ashes.
Challenging and fast-paced with a modern twist on old school RPG battle systems, QuestRun is unlike anything you have played before. A J-RPG inspired tactical game with rogue-like elements and deep engaging gameplay. You love RPGs but can go without in depth dialogues and scenario based text? QuestRun is for you - taking you to battle in various themed dungeons. Progress as far as you can with your chosen heroes, die in agony and try again! Apply new strategies, try new heroes, choose new perils and die anyway! Untimely, premature deaths await!
Blockstorm is a FPS game set in a world made of destructible blocks. The voxel nature of characters and maps and the in-game editor allows you to fully customize your game and quickly share your experience with other players. You are free to create your own maps and characters from scratch or to customize existing ones. You can edit weapons too. All maps and characters included in the game are made with the same tools that are available to the public. ------------------------------------------------------- Weapons range from precise rifles to heavy machine guns or even explosives capable of destroying hiding places and creating tactical advantages. You can pick out your own load out, choosing between a set of weapons configured by the creator of the map. You can build everything in Blockstorm, and you can destroy it. Currently supported modes: Deathmatch Team Deathmatch Capture The Flag Assault Castle Battle Hunt
You will explore randomly generated maps, filled with exciting events, participate in tactical battles and make strategic decisions. The game features about 500 different creatures, several hundred events and a huge number of artifacts and potions
Masters of Anima is an original adventure game that takes you deep into the magical world of Spark. Battle against the forces of evil in strategic, action-packed battles, where making tactical decisions quickly is vital. Summon and control large armies of up to 100 Guardians, thanks to intuitive and innovative gameplay made from the ground up for controller play, as well as keyboard and mouse. PLAY AS OTTO, AN APPRENTICE OF ANIMA... ...gifted with incredible powers and covet the rank of Master to finally marry your betrothed Ana - captive of the terrible Zahr and his fearsome Golems! USE THE POWERS OF ANIMA... ...to summon an army of magical Guardians. During your adventure, learn to control new types of Guardians, each with their own unique abilities useful for exploring the world of Spark, as well as for taking down formidable bosses on your way. Acquire new powers for both yourself and your Guardians, and become a true Master of Anima.
CorruptedmachinesfloodthestreetsofFutureEarth,previouslyahavenforhumansand androids alike. Ascitiesfall,anewforceiscreatedtofightback-theperfectAndroid Hunter.  Launchintoaretro-inspiredsidescrollingshootersharpeningtheedgeofactionplatforming in Android Hunter A. With fully animated cinematic cutscenes, quick-moving, diverse encountersandadeepcustomizationsystem,thisisanadventurefornostalgic side scrolling veterans and new players looking for fast-paced action. Features A new take on a beloved genre Tackle a classic roster of 8 core stage environments, blasting tons of enemies, learning new techniques and exploring a diverse set of unique biomes Revitalized, captivating and widely varied assortment of awesome music Fully animated and immersive in-game cinematics Hundreds of customization options! Customize your character with unlockable accessories, costumes, masks and more! Leaderboards! Track your progress as you improve your skills, earning better stage complete times and ranking up!
You are about to be a part of an adventure of the Dark Age. Follow Rick in his damned path of vengeance and help him to redeem his soul. The life of your beloved is in danger. Hurry up and make a wise choice. Along the way complete challenging platforming levels and upgrade your powers. Unfold the story by reading dialogs and finding crucial items on the levels. Items are key to the puzzle of the story. There are a variety of obstacles for you that can be destroyed with the help of power. Castle has 3 floors with its set of enemies and obstacles. Find a key to defeat each enemy. Explore the castle and find all of the hidden chests! Features: Vivid pixel art design 30 levels of hardcore platforming Find treasure, uncover secrets, upgrade! Unfold a breathtaking story Original music and handcrafted soundtracks Multiple story endings
Jester's Poker , play Texas Holdem poker and discover Circus Jester in this new adventure. Experience Single player Poker in a new way, there are challenges, tournaments and survival games all bringing a unique experience. The jester experience. Play poker to discover and help everybody in the circus. Tree's have been cut down, Balthasars rabbit is stolen and stranger things are happening. Will you be able to solve the mystery? Features Take control of your story Engage in fast-paced challenges Unleash your poker-game to unlock challenges Discover the circus world by world Solve riddles and help everyone at jesters circus Enjoy graphics, music and code thats made with passion Have fun playing this card game Texas Holdem Poker style
Volatile Triangle combines the best aspects of many genres to produce something truly unique. Hardcore puzzle platforming coupled with a trajectory based movement system means the main challenge is simply collecting all of the orbs and getting through the portal without dying. The added challenge of getting a perfect score using the least amount of moves possible will keep you busy for a long time. Getting a perfect score will not be easy to achieve and will take an absolute understanding of the game. Understanding the game is something you will have to work for, there is no writing on the wall or hints to guide you. You will have to earn it with every death. Prepare yourself. Features: -96 levels to master -Semi-linear progression system allows you to skip tougher levels and come back when your skills are sharpened -Gravity Switches, Portals, Lasers and more will interact in unexpected ways to form mind bending puzzles -Control sharing multiplayer makes it easy to enjoy the challenge with your friends -Play wherever you want with cloud saves and full controller support -19 Achievements. Achievement hunters beware! These will take some work -Awesome up-beat soundtrack
The Indifferent Wonder of an Edible Place is a short, interactive tale about a building eater consuming a tower on the edge of the town of Matsyapura. Using a blend of descriptive text and surrealist visuals it is our attempt to ponder the violence of erasure and the profound grief of having to survive on the margins of history. In 1960 when the state of Bombay split like an egg on the jagged edge of the Western Ghats and formed the territories of Gujarat and Maharashtra, the town of Matsyapura was abandoned by government decree - to make it easier to draw a clean border between the new states. Mir UmarHassan, the fabled Gujarati poet, lamented this willful and violent erasure of an ancient town and in a delightful satirical poem titled : The Building Eaters of Matsyapur, he wrote about the vapid consumption of a place and the creation of a populace that is devoid of the flavors of their individual and munificent past. With recent cause to recollect the horror of the demolition of Babri Masjid in Ayodhya, and in solidarity with the protests against the draconian actions of our government - we are revisiting UmarHassan's original poem. Created with support from Phoenix, Leicester. A site-specific variant of the game was displayed at Phoenix, Leicester. And at the Video Game Art Gallery in Chicago.
Into The Gloom is a first person puzzle solving horror game based on retro style graphics. It features only the black, white and red colors. Explore 18 suspenseful levels to find the items and solve the puzzles. You will encounter terrifying events along your path, and must escape from 'The Shadow'. This is an atmospheric horror game; creepiness is not only about monsters but the environment, rich enveloping sounds and occasional jump scares. This game also features real dynamic puzzles, not limited to pickup and use items. Headphones are strongly recommended for best experience. Prepare for the horror, and to run for your life in this pixel style horror adventure featuring five possible endings!
Ladra is a stealth action adventure that tests your abilities as the ultimate thief. Estella lost her family at an early age due to war and disease. She escapes her foster parents only to stumble upon an old man that shelters her. He passes on his skills to her which she now uses to sneak around Brumine. Through the capital's dark streets she makes her way past guards stealing what she can grasp. After finding out the King's intention to start a war she decides to put her expertise to better use. Estella doesn't kill or incapacitate her enemies. Instead, she uses the shadows, her speed, and her intelligence to always be one step ahead. With a keen eye, she uses secret passages and tunnels to stay out of sight. With help from her friend Tonan, they'll do everything they can to put an end to the King's plan. Key Features Conceal yourself: Hide in places to avoid being seen. Remain undetected: Use the shadows to keep out of sight. Loot: Explore the levels to find all the hidden treasures. Steal: Steal from guards to get important items and precious loot. Secret Passages: Search for secret pathways in order to find treasure and new routes. Pure stealth: Be a ghost. Get in, get out. Undetected.
Game Eternower is a mazing-focused Tower Defense. Minimalistic thematically, opportunistic mechanically. TD Features Branching - most towers are built through other towers Pathing focus - always visible and dynamic enemy paths Viability - supports a range of alternative solutions Control - game logic is discrete, ensuring reliability Message I hope you have fun.
Chessplosion is an arcade action puzzle game where you drop chess piece bombs to create chain reactions and trap opponents. Defeat enemies and bosses in Adventure Mode and the roguelike-inspired Dungeon Mode, break targets with limited bombs in Puzzle Mode, or fight friends and AI in Battle Mode. Defeat a variety of enemy types and boss fights in Adventure Mode, inspired by the movement patterns of chess pieces. Avoid charging Rooks, don't get shot by Bishops' diagonal projectiles, and watch out for stomping Knights. Venture into randomized dungeons in Dungeon Mode, defeating enemies and collecting money on your search for the Grandblaster Crown. A wide array of powerful upgrades and weapons mean that no two runs are the same! Solve over 100 puzzles in Puzzle Mode, by using limited bombs to cause a chain reaction and break the targets. Or use the Puzzle Editor to create your own puzzles and share them with friends! Dodge explosions in Survival Mode, where you're pitted against waves of tricky bomb patterns. It starts simple enough, but by the end you'll be dodging bullet hell Queen explosions and solving chess puzzles in real-time. Go head to head in Battle Mode, either fighting against the AI or against other players in online or local multiplayer. If you want a change from the regular Free For All Battles or Team Battles, the Tennis Battle mode lets you throw bombs over the center line to create bomb patterns for your opponent to dodge. Features Fight through 8 bosses and over 90 stages in Adventure Mode. Explore randomized dungeons in Dungeon Mode. Solve over 100 target-breaking puzzles in Puzzle Mode, or create your own puzzles and share them with friends. Survive over 10 stages of explosion-dodging challenges in Survival Mode. Battle your friends in 20 different arenas in Battle Mode, with up to 4 players in online or local multiplayer. Use the comprehensive Assist Mode to adjust the game to your liking by tweaking health, lives, game speed, or outright skipping troublesome stages.
BitMaster is a dynamic and colorful twin-stick shooter which design was inspired by such games as Geometry Wars, Crimson Land and Satellite Reign. Game powered by Unreal Engine 4! You need to destroy the enemies and collect power-ups to improve weapons. Game balance changes periodically, which makes the game unpredictable and difficult to get a high score. BitMaster is suitable for all ages. Average game session is half an hour long. Features: 100 waves of enemies 8 guns 13 perks 5 heroes to unlock 20 types of enemies 5 wicked bosses Only 1 way to escape Lot of factors that may cause troubles... or make the game easier!
------------------- This app contains content typically considered mature, such as frequent nudity, or sexual content. ------------------- - What is 'Secrets of Me'? This is a game where, after getting plastic surgery, you can stalk a hot guy to get him to fall in love with you! If you're tired of typical otome games, then this one's for you! - The Story Having unrequited love for Yamada Ichiro, the protagonist decides to get plastic surgery in order to attract his attention. By chance, a detective teaches her the fundamentals of covert investigation. With her new skills, she discovers that Ichiro is actually a con artist who tricks women into marrying him. As she becomes depressed, all sorts of cute guys come into her life... She then finds a new goal for herself: to steal them away from their girlfriends. What will become of the protagonist as she wholeheartedly stalks these handsome men?! - The Guys HOSAKA Shun Plastic surgeon. Shun is a calm, composed and trustworthy plastic surgeon, but he also has a sense of humor. KUDO Mizuki Competent detective. Mizuki is meddlesome and full of curiosity. He's an optimist and a social butterfly. YAKUSHI Meguru CEO of a fashion company. Meguru is fashionable and a proficient worker. He likes hitting on girls, but is kind to women. TACHIBANA Ryunosuke Romance novelist. Ryunosuke is gregarious, yet mysterious. His tall stature and fair skin make him unremarkably handsome. NINOMIYA Akira Model. Akira is a former classmate of the protagonist. His abundant amount of confidence makes him arrogant, but, deep down, he might be someone loyal and gentle. - You should play this game if... ...you want to fall in love with a handsome guy. ...you like romance novels, manga, or TV shows. ...you like romance games. ...you're interested in plastic surgery. ...you like unusual romance games.
SafeZoneVR is an interactive survival psychological horror game, you will scavenge the map trying to escape a fallen SafeZone in Melbourne Alabama. A SafeZone once strong and bustling as the survivors flocked to it. After unknown events, It is now deserted and you are the only person alive for as far as you can think. Escape, scavenge, survive, all while battling your own psychological warfare as the darkness floods over you. You will have to flee to the metro and the labs below the city, hide from the unknown apocalyptic killer, and with the help of your radio friend make it out alive. Hey! I made this game as a high school student over the course of three years, learning unreal engine and improving my skills in game development along the way! This was a passion project and I got lots more actual projects coming soon! Check out the discord for help with bugs, give feedback, ask questions, hear development news:
Keatz - The Lonely Bird is a 2D Old School action platformer which is based on the story of the lonely bird who has been abandoned by the society. The Government of Heavens, a country where all the birds live, suddenly and unexpectedly decide to eliminate all the flightless birds from the country by any means necessary because they were deemed useless. Keatz was abandoned by his society because of his inability to fly like other birds when 'The Government of Heavens' decided to eliminate all the flightless birds residing in their country. He wanted to make space for himself when everything was falling apart. One day, he came across another flightless bird that soon became his friend and a part of his life. They were in peace for a few days, until an attack by Heavens's soldiers shattered their ease. Keatz then decided to start a journey against the corruption and social evils, including the decision made by the Heavens's government to exile all birds who could not fly. 'Will Keatz be able to protect all flightless birds? Will he be able to protect his best friend who became the part of his life?' It is a mystery which remains unsolved.... Story Driven. Two possible endings based on decisions taken. Challenging situations, traps and various kinds of enemies. 6 Full Chapters divided into 20 Single-Player levels. Two different worlds like 'Real world' and 'Dream World', which are interconnected. A weapon with 3 Firing modes including Primary firing mode, Rocket Launcher mode and Laser mode. Spinner Blades available for killing multiple enemies at once. 4 Challenging bosses. Collecting Special Items including Golden Leaf, Time machine, gems, money and more! Enemies have multiple kinds of deadly weapons, each with their unique loot. 6 lives to begin with and the ability to collect more lives in the special levels.
Cygnus Enterprises combines action RPG and base management elements, and is set on the alien frontier world of Mytilus. FAST-PACED ACTION SHOOTER RPG Battle hostile alien creatures and shoot your way through exotic locations. BUILD AND MANAGE YOUR BASE Gather resources, construct buildings, and research new technologies. Entice new settlers to visit, live, and work on your base. Manage your employees to ensure prosperity and happiness. LOOT, CRAFT AND TRADE Gear up your character with hundreds of unique items, including more than 50 weapons. BE WHO YOU WANT TO BE Customize your appearance and choose skills freely from six distinct skill trees.
Enjoy an amazing new TWIST in Tower Defense! You control the layout of the battlefield, and you decide the paths your enemies follow! Build and place powerful turrets to attack invading enemies. Then rotate the battlefield to force foes down your preferred path of destruction. Be careful though, there are always multiple routes to control! Combine tactical planning with strategic tower upgrades to slow, divert and damage your enemies. Carefully choose the placement and upgrade levels of your towers, as each turret possesses unique strengths and weaknesses. Simply swipe to change the routes your enemies take, allowing each tower to cause maximum carnage! Features Control the terrain - twist and turn enemies route while your towers destroy them! Nine tower types to construct and upgrade , each with their own strengths and weaknesses. 17 gruesome enemies with different abilities , ranging from the speedy Boardog to the gargantuan Ghost. Six unique and beautifully designed dream worlds containing many epic levels to conquer. Discover massive boss enemies , each with their own fearsome attacks and abilities. Cast formidable spells to avoid defeat when the going gets really tough! Beautiful dreamlike graphics take you on a vividly imagined journey. Improved visuals and gameplay changes for the PC version!
Start an epic dust-up fight, and figure out the strongest drunkard in this bar... ...or become the elemental ninja and shock your opponent! freeze him! weaken him!
Unearthing Mars is a VR adventure game set on the mysterious Red Planet. As Co-Pilot of the retrieval team, the player will have the full experience of a space explorer on Mars. Unearthing Mars provides hours of unique gameplay experiences, ranging from navigating a landing craft through a sandstorm to driving a Mars rover. From puzzle-solving to first-person shooting, the game will allow players to resolve challenges from a variety of game genres. Gameplay: Story -- Unravel the mysteries of Phobos Simulation -- Experience space flight and landing through the cockpit Driving Simulation -- Explore the Red Planet with the rover vehicle Puzzle -- Solve the remnant puzzles of Phobos FPS -- Battle against cryptic alien beings This product is a VR experience lasting around 2 hours, and is also the first VR product made with Unreal Engine 4 by Winking Entertainment. A number of stages feature various genre of game mechanics and gameplay. Compared to Unearthing Mars on Playstation VR, visual quality has been improved and storyline has been adjusted on PC version.
Create your own musical instruments and soundscapes in VR. Engineer, compose, and perform. Make wild sound machines to perform for you.
Game features: Unexpected but reasonable stories unfold, hoping to surprise you. Pure game experience, no maze, no farm, you will face 20 BOSS battles. Battles need strategy, if you choose the 'Heroes Mode', you must have a strong will. As the first work independently produced, this game still has many shortcomings: 1.The map is crude.It exists only for the sake of the plot, and you don't need to explore it. 2.Unable to save freely.The game only provides automatic archiving due to the set reason. Don't worry, it is an inevitable experience to eliminate NPC. You can quickly return to this story in the second week. 3.The difficulty of BOSS is too high. It is not recommended to select 'Heroes Mode' for one week. In the tutorial map, enter Cheats to get the salted fish artifact. You can use it 3 times for the novice difficulty. You can win directly in the battle. 4.The story is inexplicable.Believe me, you will understand all this in the end. 5.The quality of English translation is not good. This is a bit difficult for the author. The game is currently in English test version: The game has only partially translated and will continue to update. Game Cheats: Entering SKIP at the beginning of the game tutorial will skip the tutorial. Enter the producer name NILGAMER at the beginning of the game tutorial to get the salted fish artifact.
Prove you are the world's greatest swordsman in Blade Symphony: a slash-em-up featuring a highly detailed and in-depth sword fighting system. Facedown other players in tactical swordplay, 2 versus 2 team duels, sandbox FFA, or the Control Points game mode! Choose your fighting style Each of the four characters has a unique fighting style suited to how you want to play. Phalanx, a fencer gladiator hybrid, attacks with long-range stabs and a versatile array of side attacks Judgement, a knight crossed with a samurai, uses hard-hitting forward attacks and wide strafing attacks Ryoku, a vagrant street ninja, attacks with breakdance moves and a signature reverse blade style Pure, an acrobatic wushu style assassin that attacks with flips, cartwheels, extremely mobile Vanguard, a quick-footed champion that uses leaning plunges to push opponents into her blade Each character has four combat stances and over forty different attacks. Choose Your Sword Pair your character up with a sword type to completely change your way of approaching combat. Katana, cause massive damage when parrying your opponents Longsword, a well-balanced, hard-hitting and adaptable sword Rapier, a piercing, high damage forward thrusting weapon great for parrying Scimitar, a weapon based on turning and performing as many cuts as possible Jian, an agile, responsive weapon great for combos Tactical Sword Fighting There are no unlockable advantages in Blade Symphony. All unlockables are cosmetic. You care about proving your skill and so should your game. Every attack has openings that are determined in real-time and efficacy is entirely up to you. Did you start an attack too early? Turn away and end the attack in a safe location. Did your opponent stupidly use a lighter stance? Go in and punish him! By switching stances mid-combo you can chain attacks into your own flurry of death. The fighting system is open for your exploration, you can dash, jump, do an air attack, land, swing sideways with a heavy stance, parry with a light stance, and then roll away. Every attack flows from your blade in true three-dimensional space. As do your opponents! Swords collide in mid-air and you will need good timing and aim to defeat your opponent. Advanced Character Customization Customize your character with skins, masks, swords, and multiple attachments streamed directly from Steam Workshop. Fight as a Team Play in the new Control Points game mode and participate in team-based sword fighting.
Phoenix Point is the acclaimed strategy game from the creator of X-COM, now with Steam Workshop support! The Earth has been overrun. A mutating, alien menace threatens the last remnants of mankind. Only the Phoenix Project, a secret organization of the best minds and bravest soldiers left on earth, can repel the invasion and reverse the inevitable. The Phoenix Project looks to you for leadership. Research and develop new technologies, explore a ravaged globe, build your bases, manage resources, and dominate the battlefield. Just remember: you're not alone out there. Factions, including the corporatist New Jericho, the indecisive Synedrion, and the fanatical Disciples of Anu, as well as a variety of offshoot subfactions, have their own values, goals, and view of the Pandorans. Work with these factions via Phoenix Point's diplomacy system, use subterfuge to steal what you need from them, or simply crush all around you with military might. No matter what you choose, victory won't be easy. Phoenix Point Features: Tons of Content: Over two years of updates, upgrades, fixes, and new content suggested by our community, including Steam Workshop support for subscribing and enabling mods, tweaking existing mods, and setting up your game the way you want to play. Try our example 'Custom Camapign' mod to set up new unique campaigns. Mutating Alien Menace: Face down an ever-changing alien threat that adapts to your tactics and offers no respite even as your team becomes more powerful and technologically advanced. Uncover the Secrets of the Pandoravirus: Engage with a complex narrative, complete with multiple endings that the player can only uncover via several playthroughs. Explore, research, and discover a secret history, as you learn about the origins of the mutants, the Pandoravirus, and Phoenix Point itself. Manage Diplomatic Relations: The Phoenix Project is not the only organization trying to reclaim the Earth. The militaristic New Jericho, the mystical Disciples of Anu, and the technophiles of Synedrion all offer unique rewards for co-operation and threats for opposition. It is up to you to decide how, or even if, to deal with them. Take Aim on the Battlefield: In addition to equipping and commanding units, Phoenix Point lets you take direct control of your soldier's shots in combat, with a unique free-aiming system. Target enemy weakspots, weapons, or valuables, or just go for center mass. Next-Gen Tech with Classic Pedigree: Phoenix Point was designed by Julian Gollop, the creator of the X-COM series in the 1990s. Integrating the core ethos of X-COM while updating the visuals, technology, and systems to modern standards has made Phoenix Point best-in-class.
No Hope is the first game release from Helemon studio . It is as survival horror game based on classics of the genre. Montenegro is a city that has suffered a serious supernatural disaster. Ancient darkness fell over the city, possessing people. Those possessed are scattered throughout the city and have already killed the majority of the population. What is the source of all this evil and what dark secrets does this city keep? What would you do if you woke up and when you looked out the window, the sky was red and the clouds were black? Feel the horror in Montenegro city. Discover secrets of the city and its inhabitants while looking for resources. Watch your ammunition - Kill all monsters or save ammo for a critical moment?
Kim Jong-Boom is a game in which Kim confronts Donald through the arcade game. The player collects paired pictures, and at the end of each round types the password for launching the rocket. Choose your leader and try to destroy the enemy as early as possible, get achievements and just spend time cheerfully together with the timekiller Kim Jong-Boom! The main goal of the game is to have time to find pairs of cards for a certain time. Go through all the levels and prove that your nuclear potential is higher!
The most unforgiving little puzzler you will ever play, PyroMind is a simultaneously turn-based and real-time game full of bombs, explosions and narrow escapes! Play alone, blow up your friend or challenge a bot in a unique dimension, where everything explodes and one small mistake can blast you to smithereens. Mercilessly explosive gameplay that simultaneously combines turned-based puzzle solving with frantic real time elements. A variety of single player modes . Each comes with its own single player campaign and ranking system. 2 Player Combat Arena . Duel a friend, make them explode or fry them with laser! Bots! Are your friends away? We have 4 difficulties of bots to choose from. 5 different types of bombs , from staple Pobombs to mysterious Fruntello the Eldritch Bomb. Over 15 different characters to choose from, all with different perks and bonuses. Stuff to unlock ! Multiplayer arenas, characters, game modes, bombs, bots and many more! Bonus: PyroBlink ! There is a secret unlockable mini-game hidden on the main menu. Can you find it? This game has been greenlit by the community.
Frauki's Adventure is a melee combat platformer where you fight your way deep into a strange and mysterious world. Challenging sword-fights and a sprawling, bizarre world await! Challenging Melee Combat Alien robots are no pushover! Frauki will have to be careful, precise, and smart to defeat them. They won't be forgiving of even the slightest mistake! Explore a Complex, Interconnected World The ruins of Frogland are deep and maze-like. Frauki must open shortcuts, find portals, and keep her bearings to get to the end. Every death sends her right back to the surface, so she must pay attention! Retrieve the Prism Gems Rescue the glimmering Prism Gems from the Alien Robots... before it's too late! Unravel the Secrets of Frogland Some things can never be truly understood. But Frauki can try! As Frauki works her way into the depths of this world, she can uncover clues about its past, present, and future.
Prepare to immerse yourself in an interactive live-action thriller, merging the world of film and game like never before. Erica, a young lady plagued with nightmares of her father's murder. With the traumatic events of her childhood dragged back into the light via grisly new clues, it's up to you to unearth the shocking truth. Explore the enigma of Delphi House where every choice you make influences how the game develops, with multiple endings awaiting you at the finale of the gripping branching narrative. Ground-breaking live-action technology Immerse yourself in a feature-length cinematic experience where you affect the action playing out on-screen, merging high-fidelity Hollywood production values with engaging, tactile gameplay. Make key choices via interactive storytelling Alter the path of the game's branching narrative by making meaningful decisions that have a profound effect on how the story plays out. Choose how Erica interacts with other characters through conversation, and shape her relationships with them. A filmic score filled with tension Get wrapped up in every moment via a haunting soundtrack from Austin Wintory, the award-winning composer of games such as Journey, The Banner Saga 3 and Assassin's Creed Syndicate.
Your husband is dead in a tragic accident. Your life seems pointless and without direction. Lost in your sadness, you find an invitation to Cliffhouse Bed and Breakfast, a sanctuary of peace and serenity in your time of grief. It seems like an idyllic retreat from the world... a place to unwind, relax and let go of the misery that haunts you. But from the moment you ring the check-in bell, you are thrown into a world of mystery, family secrets and tragic history that will take you through time to unravel the buried scandals of the long-dead family dynasty who shaped the very coastline on which you stay. Logging and love, mythology and magic, art and artifice; all conspire to turn your dream into a nightmare. Confirm your reservation now. A traditional point and click adventure game Beautiful Victorian style rooms to explore Walk in a luscious Japanese Garden Discover a rain forest Learn about the shipwrecks from the dangerous waters that surround the lighthouse Solve many puzzles Interact with ghosts Solve the haunting
It's the year 2112. A hundred years following the apocalypse, humans quickly rebuilt a new world while developing science and technology. Earth, at this time, became a perfect Eden. Despite this, humans continued to be possessed of madness and desire. Wars, crime, and killings still continued. In 2113, due to the demand for new weapons of war, a program surrounding cybernetic technology was initiated. A group of specially selected girls was sent to a secret research facility for body modifications. In 2115, a mysterious meteorite from deep space was detected approaching the Solar System. Some scientists predicted it would hit the Earth in three years. Humans were so afraid that they tried everything they could to prevent this from happening. In 2116, analysis of the incoming meteorite revealed something even more frightening: the presence of many unknown life forms and suspected viral substances on the meteorite. Even if humanity survived the meteorite hitting the Earth, the world would be destroyed due to these mysterious life forms and viruses. Near the end of 2117, just before the meteorite is due to hit the Earth, three of the girls who had their bodies modified as weapons are sent, along with all the hopes of humanity, to destroy the meteorite and save mankind...
DISCLAIMER FOR ADDITIONAL USER REVIEWS , please visit the 'Company of Heroes - Legacy Edition' page. Total conversions available on Steam for COH1 are also listed on the Legacy Edition page. DESCRIPTION Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines real time strategy gaming by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life. Beginning with the D-Day Invasion of Normandy, players lead squads of Allied soldiers into battle against the German war machine through some of the most pivotal battles of WWII. Through a rich single player campaign, players experience the cinematic intensity and bravery of ordinary soldiers thrust into extraordinary events. A Cinematic Single Player Experience that captures the turmoil of WWII as never before. Advanced squad AI brings your soldiers to life as they interact with the changing environment, take cover, and execute advanced squad tactics to eliminate all enemy opposition. Stunning Visuals - Relic's next generation cutting-edge engine provides graphic quality and a physics driven world that is unprecedented in an RTS. Environmental Strategy - Real-time physics and a completely destructible environment guarantee no two battles ever play out in the same way. Destroy anything and re-shape the battlefield! Use buildings and terrain to your advantage, or deny them to the enemy. 2-8 Player Multiplayer Competition via LAN or Internet - Go online with friends and join the ultimate battle of Axis versus Allies.
TowerFall Ascension is the definitive version of the hit archery combat game. Inspired by classics from the golden age of couch multiplayer, it's a 4-player local party game centering around hilarious, intense versus matches. The core mechanics are simple and accessible, but hard to master and combat is fierce. Loot treasure chests for game-changing power-ups, master the art of catching arrows out of the air, or descend on your foes and stomp them into submission. TowerFall is best played competitively with friends, cross-legged on the floor within punching distance of each other. New in Ascension is the 1- or 2-player co-op Quest mode. Players work together, fighting off a variety of monsters and enemy archers across the land of TowerFall. It's a new adventure to explore when you don't have more friends handy to square off against. New features in TowerFall Ascension include: Brand new 1- or 2-player co-op Quest mode 50 additional Versus arenas, for a total of 120 unique maps More game-changing power-ups, such as Drill Arrows that burrow through walls 4 new unlockable, playable archers, for a total of 8 A huge list of variants to customize your matches - a total of 75 ways to mix things up Plenty of hidden secrets and surprises to discover with your friends
LENGTHY Game Description Explore a sky-high city in this 20-40min adventure game where you play as a plug trying to become as long as LORD ELON. Climbing, dangling, and stretching around buildings may be the only way other pluggers will let you in their pool parties. LENGTHY Features -Collect coins and buy yourself length upgrades -Find hidden items and deliver them to plug city citizens -Chat with fellow pluggers -Climb, dangle, and stretch around buildings using your plug cord -Explore a sky high city -Wear cosmetic hats to brag about your height LENGTHY Credits Aria Mohebi, Ben Greenhalgh, Francisca Chonlong, Julio Cesar, Judy Kim, Chris Steinkampf, Paul Ouzounov, Amir Esmaeeli, Arisa Lutic-Hotta, Saina Tahooni, Steven O'Brien
Soar through the skies aboard a majestic warbird, explore a stunning oceanic world and engage in epic aerial dogfights, in this BAFTA nominated air combat game from solo developer, Tomas Sala. You take on the role of Falconeer, a powerful airborne warrior traversing a vast oceanic world torn apart by generations of poisonous decisions and dissent. Throughout multiple campaigns, you will experience life from many different perspectives and loyalties as you embark on a journey of discovery, and solve the mystery of the Ursee, its people and history. Progress through perilous missions and side quests, wielding your lightning caster to protect ships against pirates, kraken and other threats. Dive through the deep ocean depths, soar above the clouds to do battle with giant crab cities or engage in furious dogfights against the mysterious Mancer Order that controls and regulates technology. TAKE TO THE SKIES Experience the free-flying escapism of flying a giant warbird across a stunning open world. EXPLORE AN INCREDIBLE UNIVERSE Discover a vast oceanic world filled with lost myths and breathtaking landscapes. FRENETIC AERIAL COMBAT Soar above the clouds and engage in spectacular aerial dogfights. RIVAL FACTIONS Join and support your faction, taking on missions that may change the fate of your comrades as well as your own. MULTIPLE CAMPAIGNS Experience life as a Falconeer from many different perspectives. UPGRADE YOUR MOUNT Survive and earn splinters to improve your gear and mount. FULLY VOICED An incredible voice cast brings to life the world within the Falconeer. SOUNDS OF THE URSEE Immerse yourself in the world of The Falconeer with an award-winning soundtrack. TOMAS SALA The Falconeer is the sole vision of maverick independent developer, Tomas Sala.
Smith and Winston is a humorous twin stick shooter set in an alien ring world. When a strange signal is detected in deep space the Federation orders Smith and Winston to go and investigate. You take control of Smith or Winston and search for the source of the signal in a shattered ring world. Discover the ruins of an ancient race, destroy and loot the alien invaders and uncover the dastardly plot to destroy the universe hatched by the evil VOID. FEATURES Fully destructible everything. Two player couch Co-Op. Humorous storyline. Explosions, with extra explosions. Twin stick combat. Metroid style exploration. Selection of weapons and power ups to collect. Rocket pack adding another dimension to twin stick combat. Buddy Mode - Coop player 2 can't be shot! Play with your kids or your friend who sucks! Casual Game play - Challenging and rewarding not insane and hard, it's fun to explore and shoot and destroy.
Rise up. Fight back. Gear up to fight your way through the ranks of an insidious cult. Their wretched minds twisted by the will of an unseen entity, you'll find just as much lead flying back as you dish out, so you'll have to run, slide, dodge, and make use of your environment to survive in this old-school-inspired shooter. CULTIC: Chapter One includes 10 maps full of blood, grit, and of course, cultists. After completing the story, you can test your skills in the wave-based Survival Mode, also included with Chapter One. Chapter Two will be available as paid DLC at a future date, and will continue the story of CULTIC! CULTIC gives you the freedom to approach combat your way. You can run in guns blazing, running, jumping, sliding, and dodging to keep out of harms way. If you prefer a slower approach, you can lay traps, let your enemies come to you, and pick them off from the safety of cover. Maybe you prefer to weave in between your foes, leading their attacks towards each other, and turning them against one another. With a full arsenal of mid-century firearms and explosives, you'll be well equipped to slaughter everything in your path - provided you don't get slaughtered first. Combat in CULTIC is fast and deadly. Well-placed shots can take your enemies - and yourself - out of the game quickly. Keep on the move or stick to cover, and use your arsenal wisely to stay alive as you fight your way through cult territory. CULTIC was styled to feel like a throwback to the shooters of yore, but with the advantages of a modern engine, such as physics, lighting, and a fully 3D game world. The gameplay, audio design, and art are all stylized to create a unique experience.
In a Soviet Laboratory on Venus, a secret super-soldier program has gone horribly wrong. Subjects gained super-human strength and reflexes, but became irrationally violent. What's worse, those the subjects attacked began showing the same symptoms. These beings, dubbed 'Ninja,' have now overrun the facility. The laboratory has gone into lockdown. You play as a lone scientist who must find a way to escape from the Ninja Outbreak. Features - Scarcity of Resources: Ammo is scarce, and sometimes your best option will be to run. - Risk and Reward: Do you go for that extra bit of ammo, or that key that will open a shortcut, when you know there's a Ninja just around the corner? - Weapon Variety: In addition to basic weapons such as the pistol and shotgun, you can find experimental weapons being developed at the laboratory. - Exploration: How much of the game world you explore is up to you. Do you delve deeper into the laboratory searching for weapons and resources, or do you head straight to the North Lab to take on the Master Ninja? - Many enemy types: You will face off against many varieties of Ninja as well as dangerous Venusian lifeforms. Some ninja will sabotage your environment, some will steal items, and some will follow you from a distance before jumping in for a precise strike. -Betray the Ninja Empire: Ninja is supreme and you have double-crossed it! Why did you do that?
In a future not too far away, one Artificial Intelligence has prevailed over all other AIs and their governments. Society has migrated to a permanently integrated reality connected to a single neural network that continuously optimizes people's experiences by processing personal data. Nathan, an outsider still refusing to comply with the new system, makes a living off the grid as a smuggler of modded hardware and cracked software. Geared with his custom headset, he is among the few that can still switch AVR off and see reality for what truly is. He shares an apartment in the city with his girlfriend Jay, a talented AVR graffiti writer whose drones have been bit-spraying techno-color all over the augmented space in the city. Waking up one morning, Nathan discovers that Jay disappeared overnight, but not before leaving a cryptic message on their bathroom mirror. Having accidentally broken his custom headset, Nathan is now disconnected and determined to find out what happened to Jay, but he soon finds himself tangled up in an unexpected journey involving Jay's hacker group and a guild of AVR technomancers. Travelling around the world, he'll have to deal with hardware graveyards, digital archeology, tribes of cryptoshamans, and virtual reality debauchery.
In the near future a new Exodus begins, the remnants of human civilization have to leave the perishing Earth and start traveling into the Psychosphere. The ones who call themselves the Spirits - new pastors of the human race, believe that a new planet, suitable for living, will be found in the Psychosphere. Colossal towns-arks, carrying hundreds of colonists, have been traveling for centuries through hostile worlds of Psychosphere under the guidance of Spirits. Their destination was the New Earth that was to replace their old home. All passed worlds have been connected by portals, that is how the Chain of Worlds has been created. But the end of the hard tests is not in sight, and finally due to the despotism of Spirits and the underground intrigues Exodus went to pieces. New factions have arisen - the Empire and the Harkback. Each faction had their own goals and philosophy. The Harkbacks believed that the old Earth has not died, and the Empire - the most mysterious faction - believed that humans should stay in the Chain of Worlds. The antagonism boiled into a war that has been going on for many decades in many worlds. Whereas the Spirits are on the way to their destination and the Harkbacks are seeking the mythical Earth, the Emperor builds up his Sponge Empire using automatic bases - his Vice Frames. He does not believe in the old or in the new Earth. Secretly the Emperor creates the Mechanical Spirit - a super mechanism to help him discover new Worlds. Only the Emperor's mortal foes the Spirits could discover new worlds, and that was the source of their power. But now the new time has come. One of the Vice frames starts testing this mechanism, it leads to the appearance of a super mind - Mechanical Messiah and the discovery of the parallel Chain of the Psycho-sphere Worlds. We also meet the 'lost' Exodus Frames and find traces of the mysterious alien race. The three sides are in the middle of the deadly battle: the Scourge against the Emperor's Slaves, Lash of the Spirits against the Calling of Messiah, a dead truth against a newborn lie. Who are the Spirits - savers or killers of the human race? Who is Messiah judge or a puppet? Who is the Emperor? Who will win? The player will find out the answer during the spectacular single player campaign in Perimeter: Emperor's Testament. 'I feel hungry tension of the highest spheres. Flesh and blood of the Sponge have been set in motion; they are pulsating around the world in which the Emperor is creating a new history of the great Chain.' Fast paced Real-Time-Strategy action Construct or destroy the very gameworld environments themselves using terraforming Vast singleplayer campaign expanding the story of the original Perimeter New special units, buildings and soundtrack Perimeter: Emperor's Testament is affected by the GameSpy shutdown on the 31st of May. You can continue to play the game through LAN, DirectIP and GameRanger.
Riptale is a challenging 2D roguelike action game aiming to make sword combat be as bloody and impactful as possible. The player collects gems that allow them to execute different attacks in the order of their choosing. All this results in a symphony of combos that fill the screen with blood and guts. If Riptale was a board game it would shoot scissors at you. Instead of erratic hacking of the attack button the player must instead first aim at their target and then strike. The attacks are powered by arcane gems which make them powerful enough to bring down the ancient dragons threatening the world. Each gem takes a few moments to recharge, which means the attacks must be planned carefully lest they run out at the worst possible moment. Features: CRAFT YOUR OWN COMBO Purchase attack gems and line them up the way you want to fight. GAMEPAD SUPPORT Unlock the true power in your attacks by utilizing the analogue stick. INTERESTING ENEMIES Encounter dragons and mystical cultists and end their reign of terror. TERRIFYING BOSSES Fight challenging bosses that stand in your way on the journey down. LARGE GAME AREAS Roam through dark crypts, underground forests, and mushroom caverns. UNLOCKABLES Unlock pets, scarfs, and trinkets by completing achievements and challenges. MYSTERIOUS LORE Piece together the history of the buried civilization by reading books. UPTEMPO SOUNDTRACK Paying homage to the classics of yesteryears and preparing you for the action.
It is a time of war in Europe. Driven by new ideas of Enlightenment, the hearts of men and women across the continent are inflamed with dreams of freedom and glory. Antagonism between the Empires is at an all time high and war seems inevitable. Millions of men prepare for battle, while the finest strategists draw up their plans for the domination of Europe. This is the moment for a military genius to forge himself a name to be remembered throughout all eternity. This is your moment. Key Features Spectacular real-time 3D land and naval battles Complex battlefields where units can gain higher ground, hide behind cover or use formations to their advantage A comprehensive turn-based management model with over 50 provinces in Europe and North Africa
What is Gunnihilation? Ultraviolent bullet-hell platformer Gunnihilation is dual-stick 16-bit mayhem that fuses several forms of 2D shoot'em up, from run and gun classics like Contra and Metal Slug, to the arena based slaughter of Smash TV. The side-scrolling action gameplay and screen-filling bosses can be tackled alone or with up to 4 players in local co-op. What's in store during Early Access? Well... Seasonal updates, like the Witches and Boomsticks Halloween content update New weapons More missions Bigger bosses A level editor, eventually with capacity to upload your own enemies, weapons and bosses Steam workshop integration Unlockables and collectables Is there a plot? The world is held ransom by an evil organisation with a secret weapon: waves and waves of expendable men. You are an operative in an elite task force with the critical mission of saving the world, armed only with a hammer, a handful of guns and a million billion bullets. You will need to memorise the intricate patterns of the bullet-spewing giga-bosses, time your hammer swings against charging berzerkers and practise your circle-strafing against armies of mechs. Jump, shoot, dodge, explode, hammer, shoot, explode, crush and explode your way across teeming jungles, devastated cityscapes, evil labs, stinking sewers, rickety elevators and silent train yards against hundreds of enemies per level.
Free the spirit of a little boy called Adi, entrapped in a voodoo doll damned to roam the Sorrow Forest . Unite Life and Death in an innovative gameplay with splendid visuals and soundtrack , this is what truly confers Altero its uniqueness . Challenge your best logical skills controlling Adi the voodoo doll and its ghost embodying your past actions to solve a variety of puzzles. Figure out the series of actions to accomplish with the appropriate timing, and sacrifice yourself to face the obstacles as somehow two players. But don't forget to rescue the lost souls along your way out of the Sorrow forest, it is the only truthful path to redemption . - Secondary goals : rack your brains on optional ferociously complex puzzles - Card and badges : get rewarded for your endeavor with stunning cards and badges - Achievements : hit the hidden depths of the Sorrow forest and unlock Steam achievements
Tower defense reimagined! Dead Ground is a procedurally generated tower defense game with rogue-like elements. Each playthrough will offer randomly generated guns, skills and augments. You'll have to travel, collect scrap, water, manage your inventory and upgrade your base to survive! Place and upgrade the towers wisely, and use your hero to further defend it in this fast-paced game, a perfect blend of action and strategy. You will face permadeath, lots of brutal enemies, tough boss fights and MUCH, MUCH MORE! Procedurally generated levels - each playthrough is unique! Tons of randomized loot - guns, skills, augments Manage and upgrade your base Boss fights! Random events Unlock new heroes and artifacts to further customize the game Permadeath!
Crawl is the dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters! Battle through randomly generated dungeons full of cruel traps and horrid beasts- all controlled by the other players. If a friend kills you they take your place and it's their turn to crawl! It's a race to gain enough XP and loot to face them all as they control the flailing limbs of the hulking final boss! A NEW SPIN ON DUNGEON CRAWLING Every trap and monster can be controlled by your real-life buddies! Play solo or with up to 4 in local-multiplayer. Vicious single player AI, challenges to master, and items to unlock. TURBO CHARGED ROLE PLAYING Level up and amass a huge variety of weapons, spells and items in each 30 minute game. Evolve over 60 unique monsters from mere vermin into powerful demons and undead warriors. Play with Controllers, Keyboard or Mouse
Fight the darkness or embrace your mind looping, this is your choices in Moki's path! Moki is a precision platformer with psychological elements, a story of a little guy lost in your own mind, do you be able to leave this mindness prison? Featuring: Stylized pixel-art; 40 hand-crafted levels with increasing complexity; A precision platformer game with a stunning and polished game feel; Enjoy the dangers of your mind;
Redefining Strategy in RTS games. Foresight is an epic space-based RTS game that throws you, the player, into the thick of the battle as a commander. Lead huge fleets, armed with fighters and bombers across wormholes to fight it out with your enemy. Launch bombing missions, fighter patrols, plant observation posts or fire support base with reconnaissance units. Intelligence is key. Recruit capable commanders as your fleet commanders; they'll not just obey your orders, they'll also talk to you, give you suggestions, raise requests and report on their progress. Fleets are semi-autonomous and therefore have their own command, which is separate from yours though they're under your command. This allows you to expand your forces beyond what you can control. They also progress alongside you, gaining experience and improving their abilities. As they get promoted in rank, so does your command; allow you to control more ships. Foresight redefines the strategy component of RTS games by rewarding players for executing correct strategic decisions and not punishing players for a single mis-click or being less dexterous. Build order complexity is minimized to allow players to focus on what matters; building the right thing. Need to arm a capital ship with fighters and bombers? No problem - simply make a request with that ship. Foresight's AI will automate the entire process - between picking the nearest shipyard with the lowest load and deployment to the designated ship. So, what's your battle plan? Blitzkrieg? Flank attack? Even in space, such plans are possible because Foresight is built to deliver an reasonably accurate outcome. A large navy may not always win the day. Finally, enjoy the epic battle as fighters dogfight each other, bombers performing bombing runs and ships firing all weapons in their full glory! Features Foresight supports up to 8 players in single player battles or multiplayer skirmishes. Create fleets with officers who will then talk to you and offer suggestions. Form massive fleets quickly without a complicated build tree. Reasonable automation eliminates the need to overly micro-manage RTS 'chores', now you can focus on the battle more. Tide of war can be tilted by intelligence gathering and positioning of ships, as well as having a healthy supply of fighters and bombers. The largest army may not always win. Every player is represented by an avatar character in game, making sneak attacks and assassinations worthwhile. Most of the 36 Strategems applicable and is highly replicable in Foresight Commanders and Advisors will level in their statistics gradually with action in combat and will unlock more innate abilities to aid you.
Explore Countless Words You already played through all of our official word packages? Don't worry, there's a lot more to explore. New word packages made by our amazing community enter the world of Scribble It! every day and are at your disposal immediately! Intuitive Controls and Advanced Tools Most of the time a brush and some color is all you need. But sometimes more advanced tools are necessary to create true works of art. In both cases we got you covered. Our toolbar offers the most important tools and makes them accessible in an intuitive way. But more sophisticated tools are just one click away - for when you really need them! Twitch.tv - Cooperate with your Viewers Team up with your audience and play against other streamers or your friends in Stream Wars! or let your viewers be your hardest critic in Exhibition Wars!. Viewers can choose words, make guesses and rate your scribbles! The Twitch.tv integration enables you to interact with your audience in totally new ways. Play in Teams Draw a single picture with multiple people! All of our game modes can be played in teams . Invite your best friends and compete against other teams! Coordination and teamplay can lead to exceptional drawings and victory against your opponents but a lack of those mean a sure path to chaos for you and your team. 'IM A GOD AT THIS GAME!' - CouRage 'Please don't guess it ... OH FUCK HE GUESSED IT!!!' - VanossGaming 'They are gonna call me Raecasso' - Valkyrae 'this game is so fun, i played this with my dad and had the best time of our lives' - Steam User
To thank the fans of Punch Club for being awesome, we have added a brand new, free expansion that adds 3 hours of new content. Enjoy! About Punch Club Your father was brutally murdered before your eyes. Now you must train hard, eat chicken and punch dudes in the face to earn your place in the Punch Club ranks, and discover who ended your father's life. Punch Club is a boxing tycoon management game with multiple branching story lines. Your goal is clear, but how you get there depends on whether you want to legitimately climb the rankings, or take the more ridiculous, shady route. Along the way you'll want to focus your talents. Will you take the Way of the Tiger, the Way of the Turtle, or the Way of the Bear? Your strength, accuracy and agility all depends on whichever Way enlightens your path. Do you have stripes, or flippers? And every decision will matter, especially in your social life. You'll be juggling friendships, love life, work, recreational time, relationships, and possible stardom, all alongside your gym time and fighting aligators. It's not all just pumping iron, you know. Fighter management sim with RPG and tycoon elements Find out who killed your father, and maybe learn something about yourself along the way Heavily story-driven, with multiple different narrative branches and game endings to discover Get as deep with stats as you like, and find your own way through extensive skill trees Gorgeous pixel visuals with 80-90s references and nostalgia all over the place
Magnetic By Nature explores platforming without platforms. Experience a fast-paced, single-player adventure mixing fluid motion, split-second decision making, stylized machine-age visuals, and a dynamic soundscape. As the last remaining robot, journey through the forgotten ruins to reactivate your friends. Successfully funded on Kickstarter and winner of both the Best Developed Game and Audience Choice awards at the 2013 Utah Game Wars competition, MBN is the debut title from Team Tripleslash.
Are you safe? Are you clean? Are you normal? If the answer's yes... you probably don't live here. A bride, cloned by a slug monster on her big day. A robot on the run from a 'Spork Jogger'. Two print and trophy shop owners addicted to LARPing. A celebrity chef with underpants that hold a terrible, terrible secret. A reclusive tyrannical business leader forcing everyone to sing... Must be Thursday. Yeah but what is it exactly? Yorkshire Gubbins is a collection of short, fully voiced point and click comedy adventures good for new, casual and experienced adventure game players. One of the episodes is a musical. Yeah that's right. You heard me right. An actual musical. Key Features Fully voiced by a cast of regional performers with the same accent they have on Game of Thrones! STEGGYVISION turns the grim horror of Yorkshire into a fantasy dream world Top notch British humour Very fancy dynamic music system Classic easter-egg filled 'SCUMM' style verb interface. Current Episode List Verb School - Is it a tutorial or is it a baby judging competition?! Who knows! Holy Molluscamony - A bride has been cloned, and only you can save her wedding. Or not. Humble Pie - The Quest For Special Meat. Aye Fair Lady - It's Mandatory Singing Day which means one thing: This is a musical.
Lake Ridden is a story-driven, first-person puzzle game! A cozy supernatural adventure where you unravel a mysterious past, trying to find your sister. Luckily, you are not alone.... You are Marie, a 13-year-old girl and the year is 1988. The warm summer is giving way to the first signs of autumn. Reluctantly, you join your younger sister and her friends for one last camping weekend in the wilderness of Maine. It was going just great, but the second night by the sizzling campfire, an argument with your sister ended with her running off into the forest. While searching for her, you stumble upon an old forgotten estate. To solve the mystery, and ultimately find your sister, you must investigate for clues, solve tricky puzzles and communicate with former residents! Key Game Features Puzzles, Mystery, and Exploration Lake Ridden is a story-driven mystery, focusing on narration, atmosphere and challenging puzzles. A Beautiful Setting Uncover an old estate filled with mysteries, explore a stunning forest and experience a cozy time-bending adventure. Challenging Puzzles and Investigation Solve tricky puzzles and look for clues as you investigate your sister's disappearance. Experience a Rich Story Immerse yourself in a narrative where you'll get to know Marie and other characters as you dive deeper into the mystery. Created by former Minecraft and Paradox developers. Lake Ridden is not a horror game, nor a walking simulator.
Use, edit and organize monsters on a game grid to create a path to send the appropriate cans to the cute bat monster. Be sure not to make mistakes, he has a temper. Features Based on esoteric programming languages Befunge and Trefunge 42 unique levels 7 Hand-drawn biomes 13 different monsters Harder Dark World levels Compete online with your friends, the world and even the dev!
Masterplan Tycoon is a minimalistic resource management sim. Everything in the game is simple and consistent. The nodes are buildings. The pins are contact points between them. The links are roads between buildings. Your task in this game is to manage the available space and connect everything correctly so the products get delivered to the intended destination. Masterplan Tycoon depicts all the elements schematically, which means you may focus on managing the flow of resources with nothing to distract you from this exciting process. The game doesn't penalize you. Mistakes don't lead to losses. The process of immersion and learning is easy and relaxed. With each new mission, the chains will become more complex and require more ingenuity. Conduct research to facilitate resource production and monitor the system you have constructed. Build a quarry next to the mountain, build a storage facility and create a link between them. Easy enough, right? Well, now you are ready to start your journey as a logistics master. It is time to expand your production chains to new areas! Discover the minimalistic world of resource management. Take time to think about how to build chains properly. Find new resources. Change your decisions, rinse and repeat. Master the game mechanics, which at first glance might look easy.
Tower of Archeos is a mix between a roguelike and a puzzlegame. Group monsters of same type to kill as many as possible in one stroke. Rules Attack group of monsters with the same type. Monsters will retaliate but group size dont affect final damage, so try to destroy large groups first. When they die monsters will drop some gold. You need this gold to level up your character. You need a key to open doors and chest Opening a door will refill the level with monsters and recharge your items. Blocked door can be unblocked by killing monsters next to it Reach the 10th floor to fight Archeos
WHAT IS BLOODY GLIMPSE? BLOODY GLIMPSE is a chaotic first person shooter that confronts heavily armed players with the most horrifying night creatures - Gargoyles. THE SETTING The world of Bloody Glimpse is set during war times, in Africa, with wide range of weapons available at your disposal. THE PLOT The story starts somewhere in the middle of the desert, when during the night recon, your whole team just disappears one by one. As the only survivor, as soon as the sun goes up, you set on a mission to find your missing buddies. FEATURES Variety of creatures to shoot and dice, ranging from small, thorough medium up to tough as hell Gargoyles and derivatives. Multiple bosses to defeat with huge arsenal of weapons. Bloody Glimpse will take you on a immersive journey through bloody and dark world, the one that you always dreamed of.
James Vanderboom's life drastically changes when he plants a special seed in the garden of the house he has inherited. Expand your bloodline by unlocking portraits in the tree of life. Rusty Lake: Roots is the second premium point-and-click adventure by Rusty Lake, the creators of the Cube Escape series and Rusty Lake Hotel. Key features: Pick-up-and-play: easy to start but hard to put down Unique storyline: experience the beginning and end of characters' lives and build your own family tree More than 33 levels: the biggest Rusty Lake game so far is filled with puzzles Full of suspense and atmosphere: switching from calm to very dark moments Immersive soundtrack: each level has its own theme song and variations Achievements: the tree has more secrets to unravel
A side-scrolling action puzzle game starring ghosts! ...What was that sound? Is somebody there? Leave the dusty halls of an abandoned clock tower to haunt your way through a town in the dead of night! Possess objects with your ghostly soul, to scare people away from a museum, a hospital, a theatre and a cruise ship. Will you be able to scare everyone out and reclaim what has been lost, before the night is over? Features Three free expansions added since launch! Ghost Train, Mansion House and The North Pole! A vibrant town with 5 locations to visit, each with it's own musical style and unique objects Hundreds of different objects to possess, with several surprising powers each to try A beautiful original score featuring world-class live session musicians A large cast of townfolk, each with a personality, voice and sense of style A secret second goal beyond simply scaring everyone out of town...
Enter the Cursed Tomb of the Lost Queen! Egyptologists and archaeologists are abuzz about recent discoveries by a university dig team, but suspicious accidents left the group isolated and leaderless. Is a curse burying their progress or is someone sabotaging their success? Find out as you assume the role of Nancy Drew and uncover the lost secrets buried within the Tomb of the Lost Queen! Key features: Translate Hieroglyphs! Decipher ancient clues and warnings Uncover Hidden Chambers! Reassemble artifacts and solve ancient puzzles Discover Egyptology! Play games and learn about early Egyptian life as you explore Carefully Choose Your Words! How you ask questions may uncover surprising answers Sleuth with a New Interface! Review important goals and notes in seconds Enjoy Enhanced Graphics! Immerse yourself in the most richly detailed Nancy Drew mystery ever Select Difficulty Levels! Play at Amateur or Master Sleuth level
Summary Hear the shrieks of colliding metal! Behold the true form of steel! An explosive onslaught of shooting action! Story Five hundred years had passed since the last war. Humanity succeeded in eliminating all forms of war, disease, and poverty, bringing about an era of perpetual peace. However, calamity soon struck. The sudden arrival of flying objects known as Steel Vampires threatened the entirety of mankind's existence. On the brink of extinction, the fate of mankind has been left to just a single person. A man deemed far too dangerous to the sustainment of humanity's serenity. He was cryogenically frozen--his existence nearly erased from history. His name is... Yoshino Sakurajima. Gameplay Vertical scrolling shmup where defeating enemies at close range is key. Relish in destructive power as you fly through a hail of enemy fire! More powerful weapons can be acquired the more you play. System Rank increases automatically as time passes! Collecting red rank items will increase your rank! Collecting green rank items, using Bombs, or losing a life will lower your rank! More recovery items and bombs drop when enemies are defeated at close range! A higher rank means more points! Controller support In-game Achievements Online rankings support
Metamorphabet is a playful, interactive alphabet for all ages. Poke, prod, drag, and spin the letters of the alphabet to reveal surprising and luminous transformations.
Fireproof Games continue their award winning game series, The Room , with The Room VR: A Dark Matter . The British Institute of Archaeology, London, 1908: The disappearance of an esteemed Egyptologist prompts a Police investigation into the unknown. Explore cryptic locations, examine fantastic gadgets and uncover an otherworldly discovery which blurs the line between reality and illusion. Designed from the ground up for the unique capabilities of virtual reality, players can inhabit the spine-tingling world of The Room and interact with its strange contraptions in this compelling new chapter. Fireproof Games are a small independent team working in Guildford in the UK. We self-published our first game The Room on iPad in September 2012 and were stunned with both the critical success and our new-found fan-base, not to mention multiple international awards. The Room games have since changed our lives and we hope you enjoy our Virtual Reality take on the series.
Let The Cat In is the cute puzzle game about little kittens that you need to help get into the house. The player's task is to arrange all the things and mechanisms inside the house for creating fantastic chain reactions, in order to open the door, let kittens come in and reach their favorite basket. Once the aim is reached, they can finally cuddle and fall asleep. Enjoy realy challenging logic levels, collect stars which will help you open the next rooms, play and interract with the cute kittens that will definitely cheer you up. By earning stars in each level you will be able also to pamper your kittens with various cool things and new colors available in the store.
Bloo Kid 2 is a classic 2D retro-style platformer experience with lovely designed pixel-graphics and a full chiptune soundtrack . Run, jump and swim your way through five huge worlds with twelve levels each. Master brutal bossfights and discover lots of secrets in the world of Bloo Kid 2 . After rescuing his girlfriend from the hands of the evil wizard, Bloo Kid and Pink Girl enjoy life with their newborn 'Pink Kid'. But then, a whole new adventure starts just out of the bloo... Originally released as a mobile game, Bloo Kid 2 now makes it's way to the world of Desktop Gaming. The STEAM version includes 15 challenging bonus levels that can be unlocked ingame when you have collected enough stars. Bloo Kid 2 features: five worlds with twelve levels each handcrafted, colorful pixel-graphics a full chiptune soundtrack epic boss battles tons of secrets
Metori is a strategy sandbox game reminiscent of older arcade games. Control many ships, and use tactics to outmaneuver and outnumber everyone else. Build a fleet. Capture territory. Defeat your enemies. Note: Metori is not a twin-stick shooter. It is built to be playable with one hand, making it accessible to many gamers. Features Smart, Tactical Enemy AI! Replayable sandbox gameplay! 1V1 Local multiplayer! Content Randomly generated maps Many ship types with variants Fight customizable Commanders! Campaign Replayable Instant Action Missions
Has caring about a cute green anime girl always been the dream of your life? Well congratulations! You now have the ability to purchase a brand new T-Gotchi! Pay attention to her needs and she will be your most loyal friend! Unlock unique endings, each better than the last! Remember: your choices matter! Have you ever felt the pain of losing a pet tamagotchi, because you forgot to give it some food? You don't want that to happen again, do you? So Feed , Wash and Talk to your T-Gotchi and don't let her die! Features: A retro-styled tamagotchi experience Cute gameboy-inspired color-scheme 7 supported languages Pay a visit to The Forest Of Sycamores
Behind you lies a trail of broken helms, shattered shields. You hold the axe of a fallen foe. Worn and dented, it will suit it's purpose. What lies ahead is still a mystery, your goal is not. To save your people you must find the Great Temple of the Gods, but do not expect a warm welcome. Prepare to be met by a world set against you. In Song of Iron, man, monster and nature itself will try to stop you. Fight through it all in this gritty adventure where combat is intense, visceral and dangerous. Use bow, axe and shield to fight back but take care, weapons can be lost, arrows will run out and shields will be broken. With the blood of your ancestors and valor regained along the way you can fight on! Explore your ancient, and mysterious homeland as you journey through forests, into caves and climb mountains as you seek vengeance. Keep your eyes peeled, danger is all around you and when a fight is too big you may need to find a subtler way to pass foes. ABOUT RESTING RELIC Resting Relic is a solo-dev game development studio started by Joe Winter, a long time game artist and developer. Song of Iron is the first title by the new studio which seeks to bring unique, beautiful and rewarding games to people everywhere looking for a high quality escape. Join the Discord Community!
Master the Monster Sanctuary! Delve deep into the Metroidvania inspired world of Monster Sanctuary, explore the expansive lands and call upon your monsters to lend their aid in and out of combat! Use their unique skills to fly, ride and brute force your way through environmental puzzles and precise platforming! The world is yours to traverse as you see fit, are you ready to take on the Sanctuary? Collect, Evolve and Battle! Your quest begins with a choice of an ancient spectral familiar, a wistful monster who will guide your first steps into the sanctuary. They will be by your side as you catch your first of 111 monsters. From here it is up to you to hatch, collect, evolve and train monsters from across the Sanctuary! Each possesses unique abilities and a skill tree for you to customise as your team grows in strength. Battle it out in Strategic Combat! Strategically order your attacks for maximum efficiency, stacking your attacks to deal devastating combos! Try out different team combinations and make use of synergies between your monsters. Encounter formidable foes, endurance challenges and train an unbeatable team! Clash in PvP battles across the Globe! Face off in a test of skill and ability in online player vs player! Gather and train monsters, max out their skill trees and take on friends and foes in an epic battle to have the last monsters standing! Optional Game modes for more replayability Added with the latest update, you can enable and combine optional Randomizer, Bravery and Permadeath game modes, making every playthrough a fresh and different experience.
A piece of interactive fiction that you rewrite as you play. The patriarch of a once-respected house is dead, survived only by his late sister's children. Bequeathed to them are his worldly and unworldly belongings, along with the fate of their family. Set entirely within the uncle's private chambers, you are tasked as the family lawyer to see the correct items go to their intended place. Each object tells a story, of the uncle or of his family, and the room has intentions of its own... Betweenside is a Gothic fiction game set in interwar Cornwall. Explore the private abode of a secretive aristocrat, where each object narrates the mystery of his family's demise through written interactive fiction. Rewrite the past and change the future, while trying to survive the present. A failing lighter is all that stands between you and the dark. Programme: A short, unnerving tale of power and legacy. Explore a Gothic chamber and learn its history. Rewrite the story and see those changes alter your surroundings. Wander a small but detailed space where nearly every object tells a story. Pierce the dark with your fickle lighter. Inspired by Gothic fiction, especially the works of Charlotte Perkins Gilman and H. G. Wells.
Hexteria is a casual but challenging Turn-Based Strategy and Puzzle game. The concept is simple: each turn you rotate one hexagonal tile on the board to take over your opponents' tiles. Online and Offline Multiplayer for up to 6 players Single Player Campaign with 42 levels Use the Level Editor to create, share and play your own levels AI controlled players with 4 difficulty levels Unique challenges which will grant you 5 different powerups! The game can be played with 2 to 6 players, with players joining online, offline or with bots as a substitute. Each player is controlling a single color of tiles on the board. Every turn, the player is allowed to rotate one tile of the color that they control clockwise. If the tile now points at an opponent's tile or an empty tile, that tile will change color and spread that color to all the tiles connected to it. In the end, your goal is to make sure no other player has any more tiles of their color on the board! Besides the regular tiles, the game features 8 special tile types: The Double Tile : points in both directions The Counterclockwise Tile : rotates counterclockwise The Tunnel Tile : can only be taken over from two ends The Suction Tile : assumes the color of the tile it points at The Flip Tile : flips when it changes color The Freeze Tile : freezes for a turn The Fire Tile : burns after the turn it was taken over The Bomb Tile : explodes after changing color twice
The Gardens Between is a single-player adventure-puzzle game about time, memory and friendship. Best friends Arina and Frendt fall into a series of vibrant, dreamlike island gardens peppered with everyday objects from their childhood. Together they embark on an emotional journey that examines the significance of their friendship. Manipulate time to solve puzzles and reach the apex of each isle. Follow the duo as they unpack and explore their precious moments spent together, lighting up constellations and illuminating threads of a bittersweet narrative. Features Vibrant, storybook-inspired art style Dreamy tale of adventure, friendship and growing-up Gorgeous single player experience with a meaningful personal story Bespoke ingenious puzzles require the manipulation of time to solve Accessible design; simple controls, and no text, speech, time pressure or complex UI Relaxing, ambient soundtrack by feature-artist Tim Shiel Play in full detail on your gorgeous 4k screen Reception 'Magical moments.' - GameSpot 'Incredibly clever.' - Nintendo Life 'Every element works in unison.' - Shindig.nz 'A magical journey.' - Polygon 'You really need to play it.' - Engadget Awards and Festivals 'Excellence In Art' Winner IMGA 2020 'Apple Design Award' Winner 2019 'Best Puzzles' Winner Webby Awards 2019 Apple 'Mac Game of the Year' Winner 2018 'Game of the Year' Winner at the Australia Game Developer Awards 2018 'Most Innovative Game' Winner by Game Two 2018 'Best Technology' Winner at Sense Of Wonder Night 2018 'Best of MIX' Winner at MIX Seattle 2018 'Game Design Excellence' Winner BIC Fest 2017 ... and many more.
Ripped Pants at Work is a frantic stealth game about searching for new pants. Players control an ordinary office worker on their first day of work. After an unfortunate incident involving a pencil on the floor and pants that were way too tight, the player must venture out of the office and into the city on a hunt for new pants. Explore a small, open city filled with different pairs of pants! Players can challenge themselves to find the most pants in the shortest amount of time. Some pants are easy to find. Some are a bit trickier! This happens to everybody! Ripping your pants is one of those things that everyone can sympathize with, but it's still so embarrassing. Every time you play, you'll control a new, randomly generated character! If you find pants successfully, you'll continue as the same person. If you get caught with no pants, you'll be fired and play as the next person hired for the job! Sneak through a small, open-world, city, full of unique locations and people. Break line of sight, hide behind people and in bushes, and run across streets and through buildings with a unique brand of stealth. Play the game as a different, randomly generated character every time. If you get caught pantsless by too many people, you'll get fired for indecency. The cycle continues with the next person to get hired for your job. Best your personal record and see how many pairs of pants you can get in the shortest amount of time!
Discover a dark fantasy reimagining of the Wild West where lawmen and gunslingers share the frontier with fantastical creatures. Journey through the story of a group of atypical heroes, written into legend by the decisions you make in an unforgiving land. Each journey is unique and tailored to the actions taken - a series of high stakes adventures where everything counts and the world reacts to the choices you make. Form a posse or venture forth alone into an otherworldly confines of the Weird West and make each legend your own. Weird West: Dark Fantasy reimagining of the Wild West where lawmen and gunslingers share the frontier with fantastical creatures, each playing with their own rules and their own peculiar motives. Intertwined Destinies: Discover the world through origin stories of different characters, moving from one character's journey to the next until all converge in a final chapter. Bespoke Experience: Each playthrough is unique as the game tailors the story to the player's actions and past choices for an ideal dramatic arc. Immersive Sim: Weird West supports different styles of play in a simulated sandbox world where characters, factions, and even places react to a player's decisions.
They were desperate, daring and deadly! For the past 50 years, only the courageous veteran pilots of World War II knew the real risks of fighting the legendary Pacific air wars. Now it's your turn! Strap yourself into the cockpit of 1942, The Pacific Air War and you'll experience the ultimate simulation of daring air combat over the South Pacific. Taking on the same challenges faced by WWII aviators, you'll tangle with the enemy in some of the most heroic battles ever fought. You'll chase down Wildcats, Corsairs, and Zeros through relentless gunfire. You'll pick apart enemy forces by dropping torpedoes, and you'll perform gravity-twisting dive-bomb attacks that will leave you glued to the back of your cockpit! The outcome of each engagement turns upon your actions. Your task force is depending on you. It's a battle between the devil and the deep blue sea in 1942, The Pacific Air War! Fly for either the U.S. or Japanese Navy. Choose from ten historically-accurate aircraft, each with authentic cockpit and flight characteristics! Whose side are you on? Decide for yourself by taking full command of either U.S. or Japanese forces! Sharpen your skills with varying difficulty options! To be where the action is, hop into the cockpit of any one of the planes in your flight. Heart-stopping bomb runs will push your skills and your courage to the absolute brink! Experience the same field of view as the actual aircraft pilots with an innovative new virtual cockpit!
Retool is a 3D hacking puzzle game set on incomplete orbital defense stations that circle around Sinai, home planet of the alien species known as Onix. After 43 years of war, the Onix triumphed and defeated the humans. The victory came at a cost of destruction to their planet and orbital stations. Instead of repairing it themselves, the Onix used their captured prisoners as slave labor to rebuild their destroyed properties, starting with the stations. You are Maria, an engineer that was captured in the final weeks of the war. Having hacked your way out of your prison cell on a station, you must escape and return home. Key Features Hack computers to rewire electronics to make them work the way you want Travel through twenty different stations to help Maria escape from the Onix Enjoy a vast amount of electronics and an armory of weapons to stealthily, or violently, get passed the Onix Guards Experience the unique cloning system where you can never lose in a level Earn upgrades that allow you to hack with more efficiency Collect different hats to take down the Onix in style Enjoy an immersive soundtrack created by Liz Rainsberry
Plot: Mr.T Survival is a survival game set in the wild jungle of nature. Players take on the role of Mr.T, a backpacker on his travel journey who encounters an accident that leaves him stranded on a remote and unfamiliar island. With no other options, he must scavenge for anything useful around him to help him survive against the dangers lurking around and eventually find a way back home. Gameplay: The game belongs to the survival genre to explore the world. You will start from zero to craft, hunt, farm and fight for survival in the wild jungle. Graphic style in cute 3D Chibi cartoon style. The game currently supports up to 10 different languages to be accessible to most gamers in the world.
Peaks of Yore is a first-person physics-based 'climb-em-up' adventure set in 1887. Steel your nerves and perfect your climbing skills as you ascend the rock wall, traverse difficult routes, and encounter many challenges and obstacles. As you venture out, you will meet like-minded mountaineers and discover the serene and picturesque nature of The Great Gales. The esteemed Official Ascension Society will be monitoring your progress and determine your potential for participation in further categories of mountaineering. A Peak-bagging Adventure Embark on an adventure to summit every boulder, peak, and mountain in The Great Gales. Ascending the mountains will be treacherous. You will make many attempts, and you will fall many times. Small mistakes lead to greater falls. Mountains are not fair or unfair, they are just dangerous. Each peak presents a new challenge as well as new routes to discover. Master every hold by trial and error. Not every hold is the same. Unlock climbing gear to help you summit the most treacherous peaks. Meet a charming cast of like-minded mountaineers. Find comfort in your cabin as your base of operations and fill it with trinkets found on your journey. Enjoy the fresh mountain air and quietudes of the mountains, rendered in a picturesque style harking back to the 19th century. Hours of palm-sweat inducing content. Develop your skills as a budding mountaineer to be the first to conquer the unconquerable mountains.
Feud is a turn-based strategy game made by some guys you haven't heard of yet. Originally a board game designed by Dave Cordell, it's been polished and tweaked and generally mucked about with to bring it to the glowing screen you're reading this description on. Unless you printed it out? Think of the trees. Please. CONDENSED ABSTRACT STRATEGY Imagine chess, but on a four-by-four grid, where pieces are swapped rather than moved, each piece has its own special ability and-- OK, not so much like chess. What you can expect is a highly condensed little abstract strategy game which is easy enough to learn but quite tricky to get good at. The AI still beats us sometimes. The computers are winning. Please get good at Feud so we can beat them. FREE AND CROSS-PLATFORM Feud is free to play and has full cross-platform play between PC, Mac, Linux, iOS and Android. This means you can play Feud at your boring job, then on the bus on the way home from your boring job, then on your computer at home while you recover from your boring job. Please note that we do not recommend playing Feud during your commute if you walk to work, especially if you live in a city with lots of open manhole covers which is pretty much what I imagine New York to be like. I dunno, I've never been. YOU HAVEN'T TOLD ME MUCH ABOUT THIS GAME YET, TO BE HONEST I'm not very good at this. Sorry. Anyway, look, the game's free and only a couple of hundred megabytes. You might as well, really. CAN I AT LEAST HAVE SOME BULLET POINTS? OK fine Easy to learn, tricky to master abstract strategy Local same-screen multiplayer Single-player vs. three AI characters Online asynchronous and live multiplayer Made by 3 very handsome boys. Please play our game.
SoundSelf is the collision of centuries-old mindfulness wisdom and the videogame trance. It's an exhilarating journey into altered states of consciousness powered by your own voice. Use your voice to generate a hypnotic world of sounds and visuals that feel like they are coming directly from your body. Emergent music harmonizes with you, as you drift through strobing tunnels-of-light, impossible shapes, and deep into a meditative trance. Measured by cognitive neuro-scientists to produce transcendent states of consciousness. SoundSelf is an elegant symmetry of image, sound and body that takes advantage of loopholes in the way you perceive to facilitate a new experience of yourself and your world. Read the study here: -science Dim the lights, turn up the volume, and let your voice guide you through an odyssey of color and sound that dissolves your mind in a bath of ecstatic sensation.
In the huge open world you can face a variety of racetracks, tame horses, care for horses, train horses, customize horses, build stables, find treasure, complete quests, find coins, fly a paraglider, use a jetpack, ride and fly Pegasus, swimming and diving. Let different pets help you with this. Horses: Find and tame horses, unicorns and pegasus. You can train them, take care of them and personalize them with equipment. There are a total of 30 animals that can be tamed. Racetracks: There are a total of 24 racetracks in the open world where you can put your skills to the test. Stables: Stables can be built at 5 locations in the world to feed the tamed animals. Companion: Let different companions help you explore the island. Tasks: Explore the island and help the people with their tasks. Or explore the world on your own to find treasures, resources and coins. Movement options: The entire island can be explored freely, which includes on foot, on horseback, in and under water, in the air, with a jetpack, with a paraglider and of course on the back of a Pegasus. Discover the mysteries of Pegasus Island.
The Cosmic Wheel Sisterhood is a thought-provoking narrative experience from the creators of The Red Strings Club . Featuring a richly diverse cast of characters, Tarot-like card creation, divination, and a branching story that spans time and space, The Cosmic Wheel Sisterhood explores themes of identity, community, and personal responsibility in a beautifully hand-crafted universe. You play as Fortuna, a Witch living exiled on an asteroid who forms a pact with a forbidden creature in the hopes of regaining her freedom. Reconnect with your Witch friends after a 200-year-long exile, meet new Witches, and use the cards you created to pierce through their pasts and futures. As you delve into this universe, you will see yourself immersed in the complex web of interests that surround your coven, leading to a political plot that will define the fate of the Cosmic Witch society. Spellbinding Story Enjoy a complex narrative spanning decades as Fortuna comes to terms with her power and the impact her decisions have on others and the fate of her Coven. Arcane Deck Building Craft unique divination cards from hundreds of possibilities to help you understand and determine the fate of the characters you encounter. Magical Music More than 3 hours of bewitching original music by the celebrated composer fingerspit. Enchanting Visuals Savour the stunning hand-crafted pixel art visuals and a huge cast of deliciously designed witches from all walks of life.
Iron Grip: Warlord invigorates tower defense with first-person shooter elements to give a new twist to the genre. It puts you in the heat of the battle, fighting off hordes of AI-controlled invaders. Play alone or with friends, in a diverse and challenging struggle to save all of Atelia. Iron Grip: Warlord is set in an alternate universe where you take on the role of an Atelian Warlord. Gain power by killing the enemy or gathering valuables. Use this power to increase your personal arsenal or build structures to aid you in battle. Protect the Stronghold against waves of infantry, tanks and other powerful enemies. If the Stronghold falls, the defenders will surely lose heart and the battle will be lost. Do you have what it takes to defend your country? Key features: Online co-op multiplayer with up to 8 players A new twist on popular tower defense gameplay Eight richly detailed maps Engaging and challenging battles Diverse enemy units, including the massive walkers, hordes of infantry, and the fearsome officer Beautiful concept artwork and stylistic art design Play single player with AI bots, or team up with other people over LAN or internet With Warlord, you're never bored! Enemies have many different abilities and teamwork is essential if you are going to survive
Heavy Metal Machines is a one of a kind Free-to-Play Multiplayer Vehicular Combat game where players engage in 4v4 intense battles, controlling lethal vehicles in post-apocalyptic arenas. A WHOLE NEW EXPERIENCE HMM's combination of unique vehicles, fast-paced combat, and post-apocalyptic sports arenas will take you to a whole new gameplay experience. A ROSTER OF UNIQUE VEHICLES Ranging from a car crushing Monster Truck and a heavy armored Tank to a blade thrower Motorcycle and a magnetic Tow Truck, each of the many vehicles has a different set of weapons and gameplay styles that bring a wide range of strategic possibilities to each match. BECOME A METAL GLADIATOR You can play HMM casually, or if you want to spice things up, join the Ranked Mode to be godlike, or create your Team and bring it to the Colosseum, an in-game Tournament, to battle for prizes and prestige. NEWCOMERS ARE WELCOME If you are new to HMM, no worries! Training modes are available to sharpen your skills. COMPETITION If you feel competitive, you can participate in Community Tournaments, or even the Metal League, Heavy Metal Machines' Official Tournament, that features cash-prizes to fuel the game's Esports scene. PLAY TOGETHER Meet new players in the game or bring your friends for way more fun! MAY THE BEST GLADIATOR WIN HMM is free-to-play and not pay-to-win. Rest assured that there is no way to buy in-game items that give vehicles gameplay advantages. Highlights One of a kind gameplay, combining unique vehicles, combat, and sports. 4v4 Team-Based Multiplayer. Play casually, ranked, or join competitive tournaments. Training modes are available to sharpen newcomers' skills. Meet new players in the game or bring your friends for way more fun! Multiple vehicles with unique weapons and gameplay styles. Insane Arenas with different challenges and strategies. New content is continuously added, including new Vehicles, Arenas, Battle Passes, and Seasonal Events. Heavy Metal Machines is not pay-to-win. A Legend Reborn: narrated by Larry Huffman, from Rock 'n Roll Racing.
Anime Studio Simulator is a visual novel where you play as Yukari whose greatest dream is to direct her own anime. With high school out of the way, she and her friends hope to make this dream a reality. Will they leave a mark on the anime industry or will they collapse under the pressure? As Yukari, your role is to guide your team by deciding on the best course of action to produce your short anime series. You'll also need to outsource work, keep your team members motivated, and overcome numerous obstacles. Features Pick from three different anime genres Random events and multiple routes that add extra replay value Your choices determine the success or failure of your anime project There are six possible endings
UNSORTED HORROR is a collection of 5 short first-person horror games, that revolve around detailed machinery in a dark dystopian setting. The majority of the games have a playtime of roughly 10-15 minutes and can be played through in one sitting. Choose a CD case, read the backside, and go on a small adventure. THE GAMES: 1. Tartarus Engine - A group of plucky technicians exploit an ancient machine's seemingly untapped vulnerability. 2. The Other Side - Operate a jury-rigged drill to secretly escape a corrupt bunker. 3. Control Room Alpha - Pull data from a nest of spiders. 4. Carbon Steel - Perform hazardous research in an abandoned facility. 5. Concrete Tremor - A game revolving around plastic explosives and soviet apartment buildings.
Four nerds, drawn into a fantasy world and mistaken for heroes, have to battle their way through a massive, crazy adventure and defeat a preposterous villain! Doom and Destiny is a turn based hilarious jrpg where you take control of a party of four everyday friends. Journey through an unpredictable story filled with parodies and cameos. Start your adventure in a classic dungeon with dragons, save princess with the help of green-dressed elf and then fly to manga-themed city with the help of a famous italian plumber. This is Doom and Destiny, the flying-spaghetti fantasy adventure! Main Features : 20 hours of story and 20 hours of extras, adventures, side-quests, and more! 100 levels of experience and nerdy customization Choose your nerdy leader to apply special bonuses to your party Share save files between mobiles and Steam More than 200 special powers and spells More than 300 enemies More than 500 items between potions, chips, weapons, shirts, and armor More than 700 locations, More than 10,000 lines of crazy dialog 44 Steam Achievements 7 Steam Cards 5 Steam Backgrounds 5 Steam Emoticon The one and only Epic Flying Spaghetti Monster!!!
The Lone Chameleon is a 2D puzzle-game. You control 4 characters with unique abilities and make them work together to solve challenging puzzles. Jump, avoid paralyzing rays and use moving pillars wisely to escape these rooms where every steps count. New mechanics are introduced regulary throughout the 60 levels of the game. Small scenes here and there will depict a discrete yet touching narrative.
Bring the celebration of seasons back to the Fairytale Kingdom! Join forces with the Snow Queen and Princesses of Seasons to battle the despotic Prince January and save the Fairytale Kingdom from eternal winter! Solve clever puzzles to vanquish the forces of evil! Dazzle your senses with exciting hidden-object levels and thrilling minigames! The magical inhabitants of the Fairytale Kingdom are counting on you to deliver them from their icy oppression. Over 250 missions Strange, magical characters Unique, fantastical levels Unlock powerful artifacts! Hidden-object levels Easy-to-Play for all ages
Nika has just finished the first phase of her plan to destroy everything that isn't cool: the construction of a combat mecha called MechaNika. There's no time to lose, so join forces with her, get your hands on MechaNika's controls and demolish the entire planet. You have to put an end to history books, planned obsolescence, kitschy dresses, never-ending sagas of boring video games and pea soup. And if there's someone in the world that hates vegetables more than Nika, it's her friend Agatha, the insomniac butcher and prophetess of Carnivorism that loves animals and their succulent meat in equal measure. That's why, when she learns of the objectives of Nika's plan, she doesn't hesitate to join the mission of destruction alongside the Great Bleeding Pig, god of Carnivorism, to subdue any grass-eating, non-believers that get in the way. But watch out, because along the way you'll realise that Nika and Agatha are not the only ones that have a plan to change the world, and not everything's as simple as it might have seemed at the start. You'll have to make some tough and irreversible decisions to achieve your objectives, or renounce them. Join forces with Nika, get behind the controls of MechaNika and bring an end to everything that isn't cool. Convert your mission into a cooperative experience for 2 players with Agatha and the Great Bleeding Pig. Manage your resources during combat and execute endless, strategic combos to cause more and more harm to your enemies. Unlock the dumbshredder, the chopping tornado, the groundcracker, the scarlet vomit and up to 8 devastating special attacks. Take on innumerable challenges in a combination of beat'em up, shoot'em up, platforming and puzzles. Discover the Neon District, Candyland and the rest of the Psychotic world through 18 totally distinct levels. Locate all of the geeky references, illustrated in a unique visual style. Revel in an original, varied, dynamic and immersive soundtrack. Take crucial and thought-provoking decisions during your quest and discover the 4 alternative endings for this epic and twisted adventure. Complete the mission with infinite lives or with just one chance in permadeath mode, if you dare...
Trenchfoot is just good clean local multiplayer fun for up to 16 friends. If you enjoy old-school multiplayer games like Bomberman, you're going to love Trenchfoot! Included in the current build of Trenchfoot is: Support for up to 16 local players 9 powerups and items Players can place blocks. Blocks add a defensive aspect to the game. Blocks will stop explosions from spreading and can be used to shape dymanic ones. Flood explosions, these explosions will fill the space available to them. They flood around corners, scurry through bottlenecks and expand into open spaces. Players place tiles during the gameplay modifying the level Destroyable blocks are the standard destroyable blocks players can place these. They create temporary barriers, and also continue to add powerups during gameplay. Water tiles are a player placeable tiles that stop explosions from spreading, but do not hinder player movement Pipe tiles are a player placeable tile that funnel explosions and players through them. If an explosion gets into a pipe it will be directed through it until it exits. Once it exits it will continue to expand again until its magnitude is expended. Smaller maps built to support as few as 2 players with larger ones available for up to 16 players. The game now has music! It's a sweet upbeat happy tune made by a talented artist named Nom. Trenchfoot is a local multiplayer only game. There is no single content in the game.
Mixolumia introduces a fresh twist on falling block puzzlers. Scintillating visuals and entrancing music respond and evolve as you play. Diamond blocks slide together on a gem-shaped board and explode in glittering chain reactions. Swap the Soundtrack Each included song has unique sound effects that harmonize with the music, giving the game a totally different feel depending on which track you choose. Musicians can even create their own songs and sound effects for Mixolumia. Remix the Palette Switch up Mixolumia's visuals by selecting from a wide range of lovely color palettes, or create and customize your own. Choose Your Experience Whether you want to chill out, or challenge yourself to intense, strategic gameplay, Mixolumia has a game mode to suit your mood. Accessibility Mixolumia has options to adjust or turn off all of its effects individually so as to be as accessible to players as possible. Honors
Will a mother fox manage to keep its little cubs alive? Experience a world ravaged by mankind through the eyes of the last fox on Earth in this eco-conscious adventure. Discover the destructive force of the human race, like it, day after day corrupts, pollutes, and exploits the most precious and valuable resources of the natural environment. Explore various 3D side-scrolling areas and defend your tiny furballs, feed them, watch them grow up, notice their unique personalities and fears, and most importantly, help them to survive. Use the cover of night to stealthily guide your litter towards a safer place. Spend the day resting in an improvised shelter and plan your next movement carefully since it could be the last for you and your pups. Features: Explore devastated environments based on real current issues. Hunt other animals to feed your cubs and avoid becoming the prey. Put your survival instinct to the test and get involved in emotionally taxing decisions. Find new shelters to be safe from natural and unnatural threats Care for your kits, feed them, and teach them new skills to make them less vulnerable. Survive.
From Dischan Media, creators of the highly acclaimed Juniper's Knot , comes Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos . Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel series featuring Winter Harrison, a student mediator from a utopian world. Learning to Manage Chaos is the first entry in the series. What is a mediator? A mediator is someone who travels to chaotic worlds, attempting to resolve the issues plaguing them. The first entry in the series follows Winter's second mediation, where she shadows the experienced and aloof mediator: Cyrus Addington. Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos features two distinct endings, unlockable bonus art, an animated opening video, and a jukebox of in-game music. What is a visual novel? A visual novel is a mix of choose your own adventure books, comics and manga, music, and animation. Play through the story and make choices for the main character to change the outcome of the episode and the events of future episodes! Soundtrack Included All Steam purchases of Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos include the official soundtrack absolutely free! Enjoy a total of 18 tracks, including a full rendition of the Dysfunctional Systems opening theme, in both MP3 and FLAC. The album is included with the game files. To access, right click the 'Dysfunctional Systems' entry in your library, click 'properties', then go to the 'local files' tab, and click the 'browse local files' button.
IF you THINK you are a hardcore gamer... IF you THINK you know what it means to use your skills... IF you THINK your reflexes are up for the task... IF you THINK you are up for the challenge... ... Then it is time to play RGBverse . RGBverse is a Sci-Fi constant roller platform arcade with beautiful 3d graphics, non-stop action and captivating music. It will hook you within minutes and is bound to sharpen your reflexes. You control a spherical, photonic entity from an alien universe. Your mission: explore other universes and overcome everything that wants to prevent you from reaching your goal: the NanoGates, powerful teleporting portals. You can switch between the three basic colors: Red, Green and Blue. By switching colors you match your lightwave harmonic emmisions to each enemy's and obstacle's color, making it possible to pass by. Use your skill to get through the multitude of traps and enemies that are waiting for you. Don't fall down! You will encounter things like... Colored energy platforms and rings Robotic enemies coming after you Various weapons shooting at you Non-linear gameplay Intense non-stop action 4 different game speed settings Boss fight Are you ready for a BIG challenge? Switch your color and JUMP !
The Technomancer is a sci-fi RPG set on Mars, featuring dynamic combat and an epic story line, where your choices will affect the fate of the Red Planet. You are a Technomancer, a formidable warrior harnessing destructive electrical powers . Embark on a perilous journey across a planet torn apart by conflict and infested with mutant creatures. Travel with your companions, choosing between diplomacy, combat or trickery to resolve quests. Gain experience to level up your character, and learn new skills or upgrade perks across 4 unique skill trees. Loot, buy and craft more powerful equipment and weaponry for yourself and teammates, to stand a chance of surviving! Only you can forge the destiny of Mars. An adventure set on the terraformed deserts of a post-apocalyptic Red Planet Three combat styles with deep character customization Unleash powerful Technomancy abilities on your foes In-depth crafting changes the appearance and stats of weapons and armour A world that reacts to your decisions Relationships with your companions open new pathways and quests
Teleport, shift through bullets, and master lightning-fast takedowns in an all new kind of action game from tinyBuild and Team Shifty! Shift through walls, through bullets, cover huge distances and be everywhere at once One shot kills. Survive on skills. Use distraction, trickery, explore what's possible when stealth and action become one! Toy with enemies, laugh as they use doors to enter rooms Underestimate enemies, and cry as they use group tactics to outsmart Shifty A group of industry veterans behind 21 games, from GameBoy Advance to Xbox 360, have joined together to raise the bar for independent games: Team Shifty's action-packed debut is a must play!
Build Your Arsenal Craft more and more powerful blades. Forge metals from raw ore. Smelt ingots and shape them into sword blades. Lathe wooden handles and piece together progressively powerful creations. Custom Physics Code Custom physics code allows us to use more targeted physics contraints to produce better results for very specific use cases. These systems can interact with and provide a layer ontop of stock PhysX interactions in the Unreal Engine. Physics development footage: Exercise Burn calories while busting targets and testing your blades in this exhilarating Role Playing adventure. VR Interactivity Reusable systems simplfy generic usecases for interaction in VR spaces. The systems can interact and influence each other in realtime to allow for unique play experiences. Mining Process ore by passing it through an elaborate washplant. Feed, grind, trommel and shake away all the useless rock to reveal precious ore. Then upgrade your machine, piece by piece, to find more quantity and quality of ore and gems. Time Chamber Once you have created your finest armaments, put them to test in this special chamber. Test the strength of your blades and armor, all the while collecting money, experience and loot. Every venture into the chamber will get you a little closer to the ultimate test.
Anomalies may be a game, then again it may not. One user described it as 'A million musical leeches, waiting to suck the serotonin from my brain.' Another said 'I don't even know what to say about this one. It honestly freaked me out a little.' A particularly enthusiastic user stated 'Wish I had some kind of supercomputer to push the limits on this thing... I'm pretty sure it would reveal the secrets of the universe.' A Fine Art Game Anomalies is an experimental generative art game. There are no levels, points or objectives. It is a 'game' in the loosest sense of being an amusement or pastime, an interactive piece of audio-visual, virtual sculpture, which one can tinker around with and explore. Generate and Explore You can randomly generate the anomalies, or you can change the anomaly's parameters manually with a series of sliding dials in order to tweak your creation. Use the controls to explore Anomalies, and the unique sights and sounds they generate. Sights and Sounds Anomalies are both audio and visual phenomena, the parameters that effect one effect the other. Some are strange and discordant entities, while others are symmetrical and harmonious. All the images and 'songs' you hear in the demo video were produced through the program's algorithms. Other Options Using a built in screen capture button, you can collect snapshots of your handiwork. Use it as desktop wallpaper, or share it with your friends. If you want to revisit a favorite anomaly, you can also save it and load it again later. There is also an auto timer feature that cycles through anomalies automatically, allowing you to sit back and enjoy the show. Experimental I call Anomalies 'experimental' because of the way in which I developed it. I started with a simple idea - 'what would trees look like if they grew in space?' - and began to create fairly simple, branching structures. Once that was working, I thought about different colors and textures. Each stage brought new questions and possibilities - 'what if they move or wiggle? What it they make sounds? What if they produce flames or particles?' - and so on, until I arrived at what you see in the program. So I had no idea what it would end up like when I started it. Though I have moved on to other projects, I still think about more possibilities for Anomalies. I do hope to be able to return to working on this program at some point, but I will not give any promises right now...
Political Animals is an election simulation game set within a world populated by corrupt crocodiles and meritocratic mice. In a political contest where corruption is always around the corner, find out just how incorruptible you really are. Do you have the integrity of Mousey or the ruthlessness of Croccy? Will you fight your campaign on issues and in the best interests of the people, or will you succumb to the easier path of bribery and intimidation? Will you win votes...or will you buy them? Each turn you spend logistics to move your candidate and their staff around the political landscape to whip up popular support. Your choice of staff affects your strategy! A lawyer can settle your scandals, but a preacher can energize the population. Raise funds from the wealthy, give gifts to political patrons, or hold rallies to build grass-roots support from the electorate. Along the way, expect to encounter scandals both real and fabricated as well as random events that test your moral mettle. This new turn-based strategy game is developed by Philippines-based studio Squeaky Wheel and published by Democracy-3 developers Positech Games. Political Animals features a large and continuously increasing set of playable characters, eight different maps and and infinite strategies you can employ to win over the population, district by district. A bite-sized yet deep turn-based strategy game that you can play in 1-2 hour campaigns Eight beautifully designed maps based on countries around the world Numerous animal candidates to choose from and customize Eight different staff types with special abilities to suit your campaign style Political Events that draw inspiration from world politics
Blood West is an immersive Wild West FPS where, as a revenant desperado, you take on the twisted demons and eldritch horrors, while you search for the means to end the curse that has befallen the frontier, and maybe find some peace for your wicked soul. After you die your soul moves on to where it suppose to. Heaven or hell. But if the body is denied its rest six feet under, the soul is doomed to stick around a little longer. The world's gone mad, broken, and cursed, and the last thing worthy of faith and reverence is the double-barreled shotgun at your side. They say that dead men tell no tales? Well, I do have one hell of a story to tell you... One quest after another, the spirits of the land lead you towards even greater challenges. And whatever your path may be - things will get rough. For hell is empty and all the devils are here! In Blood West you will find: Challenging FPS combat Stealth mechanics awarding caution Exploration and resource management Trait-based character progression Non-linear immersive gameplay Cheat death, plan your steps, be stealthy, gain advantage, manage your resources, and paint the world dark red!
Bret Airborne shakes up the standard match-3 formula with strategic gameplay and original game mechanics. Play as the intrepid Bret Airborne and help Doctor Altus to fight his evil twin brother in the challenging single-player campaign. Customize your balloon by choosing among fourty unique powers. Features - Puzzle-based hot air balloon duels - Challenging single-player campaign with player-selected levels of difficulty - 40 powers and augmentations to customize your balloon - Gauntlet mode to test your skills against increasingly difficult enemies - Custom duels vs. AI opponents - Custom two player local duels
You are among the latest, and perhaps the last, of the challengers to undertake this great journey into the stars. While the universe may be ancient, you and your rivals are still young. As you compete with one another for control of this galaxy, there are others, far older and more powerful than you, who watch from a distance with unknown intentions. It is time for you to prove your empire deserves to rule this galaxy, once and for all. You may prove worthy after all, but worthy of what? It is up to you to Discover the Unknown... Interstellar Space: Genesis takes classic turn-based space 4X strategy mechanics, adds in a few twists of its own, and tosses them in with several brand new mechanics to create a truly unique entry into the genre. It also aims to provide a lack of burdensome micromanagement and an emphasis on the best aspects of classic 4X space strategy games. Construct your galaxy. Play as one of six distinct races, each with their own abilities, advantages, and backgrounds. Design custom races with their own ideal worlds, racial traits, and unique game-changing abilities. Craft your own experience and set your own pace using customized difficulty settings, per empire sliders, victory conditions, and galaxy size settings. Navigate through randomized tech and culture trees or follow the galaxy's natural order. Discover the galaxy's secrets. Reveal mysteries throughout the game via unique exploration mechanics and events. Detect black holes, neutron stars, planets and other systems using remote exploration technology. Unearth ancient ruins to discover treasures, technologies or talented individuals. Experience the freedom of interstellar travel that is limited only by your empire's supply chain. Broaden your horizons. Establish and conquer settlements and outposts to expand your empire. Find ideal worlds or adapt them to your race using terraforming and planetary engineering projects. Develop your colonies and behold their animated environments and handcrafted worlds. Exploit asteroids and strategic resources for production, profit, or research. Outclass your foes. Engineer custom ships capable of crushing your enemies in turn-based tactical combat. Engage in diplomacy to pursue trade, sign treaties, forge alliances or conduct military negotiations. Destroy enemy worlds using powerful bombs or send in your assault troops to take what is yours. Deploy leaders undercover to learn secrets, destroy facilities or locate potential defectors in espionage missions. Advance beyond your ancestors. Oversee unique leaders each with personalities, desires, traits, skills and opinions that truly matter. Evolve your race's culture and celebrate their talents and specializations. Reduce burdensome micromanagement through refined implementations of classic mechanics. Make compelling decisions that define your empire's destiny. PRAXIS GAMES A word on our company and our values. Praxis Games was born from the passion of playing video games for the PC, strategy games in particular. Single-player experiences at heart. We exist to please the fans. To make the games you want to play, again and again. We believe that games should serve three purposes: to entertain, to inspire and to help educate. In that regard, our games are crafted to be a lot of fun, in order to make you lose the track of time. They will inspire you by putting you in command and in control of something bigger than yourself. And finally, our games are deep, rich in detail and made as accurate as possible because we want to help challenge your critical thinking skills, stimulate your imagination and guide you on a voyage of discovery.
'This country needs more than a building right now. It needs hope.' - Evey Hammond Replica is an interactive novel game played through a cellphone and social media. You are given a cellphone of an unknown owner. You must look for evidence of terrorism by hacking into the cellphone owner's account, under governmental coercion. Then inspecting the cellphone usage history and social media activity records. The insane experience of peeping into someone's private life through a cellphone will transform you into the state's greatest patriot. Features 12 Multiple Endings 8 Achievements
It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and Nyanco was happily taking a stroll. All was well. Until aliens suddenly appeared and abducted Nyanco! You and her were scheduled to waltz together, but she's been taken away! Can you save Nyanco? Your adventure to save her begins! Various Adventures 6 Worlds, 48 Stages, Boss Battles, SF Fantasy, Christmas, Halloween, Space, and More! Features Old School Arcade Game Experience Simple Yet Addictive Casual Gameplay Recommended For Nyanco Channel Fans Special rewards include illustrations of Nyanco Game Engine RPG Maker VX Ace Disclaimer Nyanco Space is fictional. Any resemblance to the real world is purely coincidental. Special Thanks Alice, nashix, Holy Lightning, HaZE, ParanoX, and You!
The original cult classic arachnid-starring, twin-stick shooter returns! Just in time for Halloween, Black Widow: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals, powerful new abilities, and another original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. Aim for a high score in the old school arcade mode and earn bragging rights with your name at the top of the leaderboard. Or test your skills and rank on the boards in one of 30 intensely creative challenges, which twist the gameplay in new and exciting ways. Collect cash from downed enemies to charge a powerful web blast, or pick up one of a dozen new power-ups including explosive blasts, spread-shots, and fear, trapping all enemies in your web. Every mode and level is playable in local co-op mode with a friend. Key Features: Old Meets New: Classic Black Widow gameplay updated for smooth control, and visuals for modern PCs and consoles Charge and Blast: In addition to a dozen power-ups, cash picked up from downed enemies can now be used to charge a massive web blast to get you out of sticky situations Challenge: Compete in a series of 30 challenges designed to put even the most seasoned players to the test Compete: Reach the top of country global leaderboards for arcade and individual challenge modes Bring a Friend: Play local co-op with a friend in every mode .. blast bugs and chase scores together Get in the Groove: Get into the rhythm of a good run to the original score by Megan McDuffee
Avadon: The Black Fortress is an epic, Indie fantasy role-playing saga. Form a band of skilled warriors, explore dungeons, hunt for treasure, learn many unique and powerful skills, and attempt to unravel a conspiracy that threatens to destroy your homeland! Five great nations have banded together to form The Pact. The Pact is defended by Avadon, a secretive sect of spies and assassins. Its agents are everywhere. Its word is law. You have been recruited as a Hand of Avadon, charged with missions that require swift action and a heavy fist. However, the enemies of the Pact have plans of their own, and Hands of Avadon are being picked off one by one. It will fall to you to struggle to survive and to reveal that plot that could shatter the safety of The Pact and plunge your homeland into chaos. Beware! Allies are few. Traitors are everywhere. And the closer you come to the truth, the closer their assassins will come to you. Key features: Epic, Indie fantasy role-playing adventure in an enormous and unique world. Four different character classes, with dozens of unique spells and abilities. Uncover the fascinating history of Avadon and the land of Lynaeus. Many different endings. Your choices will change the world. Dozens of side quests, hidden dungeons, and secrets to discover. Hundreds of magical items to find. Use enchanted crystals to make your artifacts even more powerful. Huge adventure with lots of replay value.
Every night you leave the motel and drive through empty fields, looking for something. Your job is to scout wandering giants and drive them away from the sleeping town using light. It's a meditative experience where you don't need to manage fuel, car maintenance, health, or damage. Just find where to drive and how to use your tools effectively. Or just forget about your work and drive through foggy landscapes to calm down after a hard day. In Titan Chaser you can: Walk and interact with the environment and your car Drive your car in a fairly large open world Listen to the music of krapka;KOMA in your car Relax and observe mystical landscapes Scout Titans Do your job and make titans go away using lights and environment Discover the story and personality of the protagonist through her commentaries about surroundings
Are You Destined to Free your People from the Hands of Tyranny? The year is 1337. During this, the darkest of ages, the bubonic plague was rampant. Kingdoms rose and fell with every swift blow of the sword. The Old Continent was in a state of great upheaval, as English kings hastily attempted time and again to uphold their claim to the French throne, shaking this fragile kingdom to its very foundation. The hundred years' war had been unleashed. Relive the most intense battle scenarios of medieval Europe in this third-person 3D epic saga. Brandish your sword as you slay enemies amidst adrenaline-pumping action while you lead your troops to victory. Acquire new weaponry while you advance through eight massively gut-wrenching battle scenarios, each packed to the hilt with thousands of enemy troops to slay. Gain experience to obtain and unleash ever-more powerful combo attacks to devastate your foes. Slowly transform yourself from a single warrior into a forceful military leader as you develop and master the art of chivalry and tactical warfare. Become the greatest and most inspirational of French leaders by demonstrating your leadership abilities while commanding your legions of troops to victory. Tap into your arsenal of war machines as you relentlessly tear away at enemy forces. Play as Joan of Arc Live out the most exciting years in the life of Joan of Arc, the ultimate female warrior, in the ultimate epic battles! As you progress through her campaigns, other great military medieval leaders will join your cause and bring their own unique fighting abilities and characteristics into the fray. Fight Epic Battles Orchestrate your troops through eight massive maps featuring formidable strongholds, lavishly detailed cities and myriad landscapes, from rolling hills to thick forests and flowing rivers. Experience firsthand the sheer intensity and savage brutality of medieval castle sieges brought to life in amazing lifelike 3D. Engage in Adrenaline-pumping Action Slash and slay enemies from a thrilling third-person perspective view. Wield the sword to your advantage by executing unique combo attacks with perfect timing to devastate the enemy. Acquire New Weapons Train yourself to master new fighting techniques to unleash your full fighting capabilities, then acquire an increasingly devastating arsenal of weaponry to overwhelm your foes. Master Long-Lost Skills Demonstrate your chivalrous aptitude by mastering your timing and precision among dozens of unique attack combos. Train yourself to become the complete warrior. Strategically Command Entire Armies Valiantly marshal your troops through the thick of gut-wrenching battles and demonstrate your leadership abilities as generalissimo to your troops, country, and king. Employ Fearsome War Machines Use to your advantage the devastating war machines at hand, such as catapult, trebuchet and battering ram to tear down castle walls, vanquish enemy fortifications, and instill fear in the eyes of your enemies.
You spent your whole life in service to the gods of Asgard. You died an honorable death. You earned your place in the halls of Valhalla. But when you knocked on its gates to receive your final reward, none answered. Odin has turned his back on your people. He underestimates the Viking spirit. He underestimates you. Force their hand as you lead your people past the dangers waiting on Valhalla Hills and fight to prove your honor, your strength, your worthiness. Look after your Vikings, gathering food, chopping wood, and mastering the complex economics of wilderness survival. Reach the portal at the top of each mountain, and shout your battle cry loud enough for the gods to hear. If they will not give your people the reward you all deserve, then by your axe, you will take it from them. Be prepared for randomly generated levels with various challenges Look after your Vikings' needs Improve constantly, use your knowledge and achievements for the next map Earn your place in Valhalla, for your Vikings and yourself
Craft your path in this innovative 2D platformer. Master the use of your own platform to explore the Forgotten World of Numbra and save the land and its inhabitants from an imminent threat. Do you have what it takes to survive in perilous Numbra? Key Features The Ultimate Freedom Control the Shadow Core and use it the way you see fit to face the challenges of the game. You can spawn this magical box beneath your feet to propel yourself into the air and move across the land at your own pace. With the Shadow Core, you become the master of your surroundings and create your own path. An Immersive Journey Load up Light Fall and immerse yourself in this strange universe where darkness prevails over the light. Joining you in this adventure, Stryx the old and grumpy owl, will act as your sidekick and in-game narrator. Depending on his mood, he will either offer useful advice or bluntly mock your failures. A Vast World to Explore With the Shadow Core in hand, reach new heights and explore every nook and cranny of Numbra. Wander through the Lunar Plain, the Marshlands of Sorrows, the Vipera's Forest and the Unknown Depths, where shortcuts, alternative paths, hidden collectibles and easter eggs await you in large numbers. Speedrun Competition Quench your thirst for competition in the complementary Speedrun Game Mode. Revisit the world of Numbra to compete with players worldwide and compare your fastest times with theirs on the online leaderboard.
Lockdown Hero A brand new 3D open world adventure, Be a hero and save the world from the Covid-19 pandemic! A new pandemic emerged and the city is on lockdown, you are the chosen one to find the cure and be a hero to save the world! Talk to people to find clues, explore several maps to uncover mysteries which can help the community. Along the way you will meet new people and teach you survival skills and will give special items to help you on your mission. This 3D open world have various ways to play, you can Farm and harvest, play mini games at the casino, unlock hidden gears, play football, discover a lot of hidden areas, earn in-game achievements and so much more. There's really a lot of cool things you can do in this game! Key features: - Open world 3D environment - Character customization - Arcade games - Dungeons - Numerous side quests - Farming and harvesting - Car Driving - Ball games - Memes - In-game achievements This game gets updated every week!
Description Enter the 3D world as Splat the Blob to aid a wacky elephant. Help Wilbur the elephant collect atoms and in return he will show you new skills and zones to explore. Meet cute characters along the way as you hone your skills in maneuvering Splat through challenging obstacles. Splat the Blob is arguably is this year's 76th most anticipated blob splatting game! Features Unlockable Splat skins Unlockable zones Unlockable skills Collectables Irate bosses Challanging Obstacles Tower Climb Minigame
From the moment Edward Carnby and Aline Cedrac set foot on Shadow Island, they are confronted by mysterious, evil creatures intent on thwarting their progress to recover 3 ancient tablets believed to hold the secret key to some incredible menacing phenomena. Danger threatens from every corner. The slightest shadow could be hiding deep secrets, or concealing worse nightmares... Can you see beyond your fear? Edward Carnby, the supernatural detective is back! And this time it's for revenge. Carnby's best friend, Charles Fiske has been found dead off a mysterious island off the coast of Maine, Shadow Island. Carnby's investigation quickly leads him to Fred Johnson who informs him of Fiske's search for the three ancient tablets which, when placed in a specific location, will unlock an incredible and dangerous power. Johnson pleads with Carnby to pick up where Fiske left off and reopen the investigation in order to recover the tablets. Carnby accepts the mission to find and destroy the murderer of Fiske and avenge his death. The original survival horror franchise continues with a pure blend of intense action and suspenseful adventure. Alone in the Dark immerses the player into a dark and strange atmosphere where conventional rules do not apply. The player must overcome his natural fear of the dark unknown and control Edward Carnby through a deep and highly detailed storyline. Armed with a flashlight and a pistol, Carnby must find the necessary items to survive as well as the clues which will help him escape his ultimate nightmare. Features The original survival terror franchise is reborn Incredibly detailed and realistic environments Dark atmosphere playing with obscurity and light - use your flashlight as a weapon against creatures from the dark Influenced by H.P. Lovecraft A gripping script that goes beyond your imagination. Over 20 characters, in a chilling atmosphere, deep in cinematographical production and realism. 2 totally different, but equally terrifying adventures, combined in one: Will you be Edward Carnby or Aline Cedrac?
Colony Siege combines the best of RTS and tower defense, including base building, mazing, and unit physics. Use shockwaves and spring traps to propel enemies into cliffs, lava, and other hazards. Build mechs, tanks, and other mobile units. Decimate massed enemies with air, missile, and orbital strikes. Expansive, non-linear campaign supports single player and 2 player online co-op. Defend Your Colony Whether fighting the Xenos or the Riven, no colony building is safe from attack. While protecting the colony Citadel is your primary objective, the enemy will not discriminate when it comes to attacking your colony. Defend against the relentless biomechanical xeno swarm as well as the corrupted Riven that were once human. Both enemy factions behave differently and require different tactics. Use Towers, Traps, Strikes, Mobile Units, and Special Abilities Defend with powerful towers that automatically form walls when placed near each other. Use unique traps to slow, impale, burn, or bombard the enemy. Build and command mobile ground units. Strike the enemy with satellite-powered attacks, long-range missiles, commander abilities, and fighter sorties. Design Mazes Before and During Battle Defensive towers and barriers automatically generate a laser fence when constructed close together, allowing your mobile units passage while restricting enemy movement. Embark on an Epic Campaign Experience dozens of intense missions from a starmap with branching paths. Press your advantage or repeat previous missions for extra cash. Fight Alone or with a Friend The entire campaign is cooperative from the very first mission to the last. Consolidate forces with a friend or combine different tactics. Persistant Progression System Earn money from completing mission primary and bonus objectives, and spend it on persistent upgrades, new weapons, and different towers, traps, units, and strikes. Unlock powerful perks to buffer your weaknesses or bolster your advantages. Battle in a Wide Variety of Environments Expect a constant change of scenery as you travel to different planets, moons, space stations, and enormous mobile space platforms.
Dodge the bullets, shoot the enemies, defeat the bosses! Take to the skies for an endless-arcade shooter that is fast, furious and formidable! Collect over 200 daring pilots over 20 different terrains. Change the intensity from Scouty to Screamy, if you dare! Earn a multitude of achievements Challenging daily missions Guns! Missiles! Badgers! Get flying now!
Man O' War: Corsair. Engage in epic naval combat and explore the oceans of the Warhammer world. Man O' War: Corsair is a video game of high adventure, naval combat and exploration based on the Games Workshop classic Man O' War table top game. Your Quest Sail the seas plundering enemy ships, visiting ports, and trading. Dominate everything in your path with a fleet of ships at your back and watch people flee at the mere sight of you, leaving legends of your deeds in the history books and steel through the hearts of your enemies. Explore and Fight Captain a wide variety of unique sailing vessels, explore and trade whilst combating enemy ships in frantic naval action. Boarding Actions As well as sea battles, engaging in boarding actions with enemy vessels sees you walking the deck, weapon in hand, attacking enemy crew. Loot the vessels or sink them, the choice is yours. Enemies and Allies Buy a variety of unique and deadly ships. Command allies from different races and fight many deadly enemies. Fierce storms, deadly fleets and terrible foes will block your path to ultimate glory. Custom Battles Build your own fleet from any faction in game, and battle it against any foe you choose. The Old World A captain in Man O' War: Corsair can sail the coast of a huge continent in the Warhammer world. Visiting over 50 ports from Erengrad to Sartosa, the sea is yours to explore. A heroic adventurer does not only have enemy ships to contend with. The deep and unexplored oceans hold terrifying creatures that few see and live to tell the tale. These deadly creatures emerging from the deep sea will chill blood and drop jaws in equal measure. The wise would attempt to flee but those brave enough to tackle such creatures will be famed throughout the world. Here there be monsters....
Discover the wonders of an uncharted island and help the natives restore their ravaged land to its former glory in Moai: Build Your Dream! Overcome the fury of an active volcano, hordes of attacking ghosts and the threat of dwindling resources as you guide the hero and a native princess on their quest. Coax the resources you need to survive and rebuild villages out of the earth. Calculate the quickest way to accomplish your tasks in order to unlock dozens of brag-worthy achievements. And learn to use powerful Moai statues to defend your workers as they perform the tasks you assign. There will never be a dull moment as you enjoy the colorful graphics, life-life character animations, and dazzling comic book style story interludes in Moai: Build Your Dream! Comic book style cutscenes Outstanding visual design Addictive gameplay
Kittens are really cute and fun pets, aren't they? They have only one function, to be cute! They entertain us with comic moments without much effort, just being themselves. With that in mind, we developed this game for those who love kittens and have fun with these unusual scenes that they provide us! A relaxing and fun experience with 20 different levels, 24 fun hand-drawn kitty cards! Enjoy calm and peaceful music to face the progressive challenges as you level up. Memory game with puzzles, find the correct path by moving and matching the correct cards! Release your cards for your collection, this game is for you who love kittens and puzzles!
Story: As you crashland aboard the DAS Antares Facility, a mining and research station orbiting the star Antares, you find out a huge breakthrough has occurred on the subject of human DNA, but something has gone terribly wrong. The facility is now overrun by infested creatures, under the command of a mysterious figure. With the survival of humankind as the backdrop and themes of AI, sentience, humanity and future technology, you uncover a rich story by exploring the now wasteland of the space-station, while fighting off hordes of infested creatures, and ultimately saving humanity. Sci-Fi Thriller: Something has gone very wrong, and you have answered the distress call. Fight your way to discovering what is going on, while possibly uncovering a few things about yourself along the way. Who is behind this? Why has the facility become overrun? And what can you do stop the fall of humanity... Singular Setting: The mining and research facility is currently orbiting the star Antares. Explore your way through the various modular facilities from the eco-centered Biotech Industries to the cryogenic research facility in the Cryonic Subsystems. Fight your way through other area's such as the waste disposal, the living quarters and even the mining facility. Face The Threat: What is causing the infestation of the staff on board the facility? How can you prevent this infestation from spreading? And whatever you do, don't make a noise at night! Play Your Way: Find resources, upgrade weapons, customize your abilities and level up as you progress through the game. Multiple difficulties, and at the end of the game, you can compare your score with friends!
The Great Conch Shell has been stolen and it's up to Freddi Fish and Luther to catch the culprit! All is well on their tropical vacation, until our finny friends realize the Great Conch Shell is missing! Uncle Blenny can't open the Founder's Day Festival until the heralded horn has been recovered! Your child will join Freddi Fish and Luther as they explore ancient ruins, play games at a fun-filled carnival and even discover a sunken airplane while looking for clues and finding adventure. Rosy Pearl, Pierre the Tailor and Nadine the Narwhal are just a few of the fun new friends they'll meet as they follow Old Snoggy's sniffer through this tropical paradise. In the end, it's up to your child to piece the clues together and figure out who's responsible for this underwater caper! Play again and again-new clues, new locations and new culprits await! Click Points reveal hundreds and hundreds of hidden surprises. Sing songs, play games, watch a luau and create your very own melodies. Out of time? Save the game and finish it later. This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2. For more information, please visit - The GNU GPL can be viewed here - -2.0.html
A thousand years have passed since the last great war between the demons and the gods. Lulled into a false sense of security and having forgotten the ways of alchemy, humans find themselves at the mercy of the invading demons, who wage a new war to repay their past humiliation. Cities fall, fortresses are in ruins and young children are abducted from their homes. In this chaos, a young girl named Raji is chosen by the gods to be the sole defender of the human race. A Story of Siblings Raji and her younger brother Golu are separated as the demonic hordes attack. It is now up to Raji to save him and put an end to this reckless war. On her quest she will have to overcome the full might and cunning of the great lord of demons, Mahabalasura. Stunning Artwork Drawing inspiration from legendary tales of Hindu folklore and the medieval architecture of Rajasthan, Raji: An Ancient Epic brings a visually stunning and unique style to the action-adventure genre! Enter an immersive environment drawn in the Pahari art style and brought to life with hand-painted textures rendered in 3D. Tactical Combat Diverse weapons and powers, gifted to Raji by the gods are at your disposal. Mastering them all will be vital to your success as the demonic hordes will skillfully adapt to each and every situation; while the Trishul may be perfect for one battle, the mighty Sharanga bow may be needed for the next. A Universe Set in Ancient India For the very first time, experience a game set in ancient India and infused with Hindu and Balinese mythology. From lore full of enchanting stories and fierce battles with demons and menacing bosses to ancient puzzles and massive forts and palaces begging to be explored - you will find yourself in a sibling story unlike any other.
At the very heart of Septerra lies the Core, a huge Biocomputer. Seven continents at different elevations, each with its own unique people and culture, orbit around the Core. According to an ancient prophecy, Septerra's continents will one day converge and join in orbit together on one level - this is the Legacy of Marduk, the Creator's son. The Chosen, fanatical believers in the supremacy of their own wisdom and technology, impatiently try to force the issue - causing a global catastrophe which threatens the lives of all Septerreans. Meanwhile, amongst the Junkers, a young woman named Maya gets caught up in the developing maelstrom and soon finds herself confronted by seemingly insurmountable problems. Without help she stands no chance of fulfilling the Prophesy before Septerra perishes. But whom can she trust in a world torn by war and treacherous intrigue - a world on the edge of the abyss? FEATURES : A fantasy role playing game with over 140 characters and a complex, multi-level world Intriguingly varied story-line Choose up to nine party members, each with a unique motivation, skills and background The strategic combat system combines the best of turn-based and real-time elements Explore over 200 locations with mysterious buildings, landscapes, danger and surprise at every turn The Adventure-style user interface gives you maximum interaction Hundreds of entertaining voices spoken by professional actors
TheNighfall Victoria moves with her family to a new city to start her new job. But the first night in her new house is completely different than expected. As her husband and their two children are coming a day later she has to stay the first night alone in their new house. What starts with insomnia and a slight malaise first becomes an absolute nightmare during the night. Will you be able to survive this night until dawn? Features Atmospheric horror experience of a special kind Thrilling story-line Breathtaking soundscape Realistic and detailed graphics Interactive surrounding Original music by Northpolyptica
Evil has taken over a small town. But a group of courageous adventurers has decided to organize an expedition to end the feared vampire. Recruit a group of characters to enter the castle and fulfill your mission. But get ready because the castle hides many surprises. Features: Graphic adventure in retro style. Point and click. Make a team of 3 adventurers of 7 candidates. Each character has its abilities and defects with which it is easier or harder to finish the adventure. Some can be very clumsy ... Watch with the castle guards, do not let yourself get caught! Different ways to solve puzzles. 5 different endings, some are easy and others are extremely difficult, find them all! English, Italian and Spanish A complete walkthrough for lost players. And a lot of fun! Our adventurers: Peter: That's me, the one who discovered the castle and organized all the expedition. I'm a reporter and a writer for a mystery magazine, in addition to being an enthusiast of horror novels. Sister Angela: She left her convent to fight against dark and evil forces. Sister Angela is a senior demon and vampire hunter, since she was trained by the very same Vatican. Roger: The best student of his class, he's got two degrees, three master's degrees and speaks five languages. Now he aims to leave the classrooms and make use of his knowledge in an experience he wants to add to his curriculum. Agent L: Member of a highly secret organization who devoted his life to the search of paranormal activites. He's an expert and knows these cases better than anyone. Gogo: His father is the boss of a gang of yakuzas. She masters several martial arts and bladed weapons. She didn't think it twice when she was told about a castle inhabited by evil creatures. Alice: She spent all her life reading romantic novels and watching TV shows about vampires. Now it's her oportunity to be bitten on the neck by a vampire and live her own adventure. She got really dressed up for the occasion... Bob: This guy has nothing to do with all this, but he was passing by and decided to come and check what was going on.
The evil Broccoli, irritated by the fact that kids hate vegetables and love ice creams, has created an army of vegetables to destroy the flavor galaxy. Only the Ice Cream Surfer with the help of his 4 super tasty friends can prevent that. Straight to the action, we aren't here to tell stories, but for button-mashing. Are you ready to shot Ice Cream balls filled with pure cooling energy? GAME FEATURES 6 different worlds - You will travel the whole Gourmet Universe to get to the No-Flavor Zone and destroy the bad taste. Each world is completely different and has its own enemies. 5 different characters - In this game you will be able to be one of the members of the Cream Team , each of them with its own attacks and special abilities.
A collection of hypertext stories where you read words and make choices by clicking on links. Most of the stories have content warnings and director's notes, so you can easily find the hot stuff. Some of these games are available free online so you can make the informed consumer choice as to whether to subject yourself to this hideous garbage, or some other hideous garbage not personally written by me. Contains: With Those We Love Alive, Howling Dogs, Ultra Business Tycoon III, Cyberqueen, High End Customizable Sauna Experience, Their Angelical Understanding, Skulljhabit, Parasite, Beautiful Frog, Climbing 208 Feet Up The Ruin Wall, Begscape, Orifice Clique, Sewer Diamond War of 3096 Reenactment, Her Car is the Edge of the World, Wild Wild Gender Mines, Myriad, Metrolith, Contrition, Ruiness, Frolic RPG, Mother, Shadowchildself, The Sky in the Room, Faceless Genderless Amorphous Bonemass Hairbeast, Miniskirt World Network: Business Slut Online, Miss Clemory and the Stranger, Vesp, Girlwaste, Ballast, Neon Haze, One-Move Boss.
The story of Season Match starts when the Snow Queen has her magic mirror broken, and decides to make cold winter stay forever in the fairy-land. You will set out on a legendary journey to find the pieces of the broken mirror, put them together and beat the Snow Queen. Four seasons Over 250 missions Fantastic characters Easy-to-Play for all ages Learn-as-you-play tutorial Awesome music
This is an alternate-history visual novel based on the hyper-competitive high school experiences in East Asia. During the Amenominakanushi economic boom, a young man arrived at the riverside city Eshiro. Crime, conspiracy, and love await...
Hexcells Plus is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux. The second game in the series includes 36 new, more challenging puzzles.
WARNING: This game may be disturbing to some audience as this game contains real disturbing images, sounds, fear nature, jump scares and intense horror that may not be for the Faint of heart. Play this game at your own risk. Welcome to the Trenches, 1917. A World War 1 first person horror survival game where you, caught behind enemy lines - have to survive and escape the harsh war-torn environment and experience World War l like never before from the eyes of James R. in this surreal nightmare, as you fight for your life and for your sanity. Explore the real chilling story as you navigate the horrors equipped with only your senses, hearing and trench whistle. Find clues to better understand and escape the enemy trenches without being caught to return to your family. Please note: Trenches is a survival horror game being worked on by one developer, the premise of the game is that you have to collect clues and try to escape the Trenches. It is currently in Early Access and I will try my best to update the game frequently to give you the best enjoyable experience. Please do submit your feedbacks and suggestions as it really helps out with the development! Try to escape by collecting vital clues and find out what is going on. Trenches is a psychological horror game - where your only escape is through your senses and hearing using your trench whistle to guide you, however that also comes at a price since the enemy can hear your trench whistle. Enemies will also be able to hear if you walk on wood as it will make creaking noise or if you break any bottles. Try to escape the trenches with caution as every corner that you will turn can be your last. The game relies on sounds and hearing, as you are equipped with a 'Trench Whistle' which you can use. When it's used, it will play a sound and you need to follow the sound, however - you have to be careful as the enemy can hear the whistle too and it can give out your position easily. A HARDCORE objective-finding type first-person psychological horror survival game experience about finding and collecting clues with the goal to escape the Trenches, with gut-wrecking moments and different clue locations with repeatability option. Features: An Immersive Experience with realistic graphics and a claustrophobic environment set in the Trenches of World War I in 1917. Hardcore Gameplay: A hardcore survival horror game where there is only 1 save. If you die, you die. That is why every step if crucial. Replay-ability: Randomized locations for clues, so play-through will be different on each take with different takes on each corner. Hearing And Senses: Relay on your hearing to escape the Trenches. Be careful though, the enemies can mimic the sounds familiar to you. Hiding System: Hide from the enemies in narrow trench passageways and under beds to get past your enemies or hide from them. Insanity: Just because you passed somewhere already, does not mean that there is nothing there. The environment may change with your sanity. Gut Wrecking Moments: Walking on wood can make more noises, same as throwing bottles; all these things can give away your position. Try to evade them or use them as your advantages. Trench Whistle: Use your trench whistle if you are lost. When used, a sound will play if you are near a clue, however the enemies may hear your Trench whistle and it may give out your position - so use wisely. Enemy That Listens: The enemies can hear your footsteps, your breathing and your fear. It can mimic sounds of others and will stop at nothing to get to you. Plan Accordingly: Plan your next move as it may be your last. Peak around corners, watch your foosteps and be always on the move. An environment that changes along with your sanity. Inventory system and a picture of your family, to remind you to come back home. Interact with items and objects which can be helpful and provide you tips. Gut-wrecking moments with an enemy that mimics your loved ones voices. Creepy environment with narrow trenches set in World War 1. - With threats lurking around each corner you turn. Trench Whistle to tell you where you need to go next, but enemy can also hear it. A creepy tale that tells the story of a soldier in the horrors of war. Throw bottles and objects to distract the enemies and evade them. Hide in narrow trench passageways to stay hidden from the enemy. Find items to help you feel safer or guide you in Trenches. Play as the wayfaring soldier in the Trenches, try to keep sane. Enemies can now hear you breath from your mic, If they are near. Hold your breath if enemy is around, otherwise he won't go away. How To Survive: 1. Crouch and stay low, so enemies won't hear you. 2. Hide under bunk beds or narrow spaces and stay safe. 3. Don't run or you will make noise. Run only when necessary. 4. Be careful when walking on wooden surface since it makes loud noise. 5. You can cause a distraction by throwing objects items such as bottles. 6. Mind your stamina, if you get tired then you cannot outrun your enemies. 7. Use your trench whistle if you're lost and follow the sound, but be careful because enemies can hear the whistle too and come running to your location. 8. Be careful of your surroundings. Some things are real, while others are not. 9. If you hear running foosteps, that's not good news - as they may have heard you. Run or hide! 'Trenches' is a horror game made by one developer at Steelkrill Studio. Please note this game is an objective-collection game with replay-ability. Your objective is to find and collect clues in the Trenches while having items such as the Trench Whistle to guide you while you are being hunted by the enemy. If you can, please submit your feedback and report any bugs and this will really help speed up the progress of the development by a bunch .. Thank you for trying it out.
A giant cathedral of flesh has appeared in the middle of the ocean on a dying world. A small group of scientists are secretly investigating it when a mysterious woman appears, facing an impossible task. Stars Die is a nonlinear real time scifi mystery game with branching dialogues. FEATURES Completely nonlinear story. Have long debates with people or ignore them the entire game. Five parallel, but interconnected story lines, each with its own completely separate ending. The player isn't at the center of the narrative. Each character has their own agenda and they will try to act accordingly in real time, with or without you. You can explore the environments freely at your own pace, but remember, time is running out. Your choices won't be about moral dilemmas, but ideological ones. It's all about your limited personal perspective on the events and what you believe in. Dark industrial soundtrack by composer Connor ORT Linning. ADDED FOR STEAM VERSION Expanded story and improved dialogues. Added optional 'Chill Mode': Play without any time limitation Added new Secret Ending Added more graphic options like toggling Screen Pixelation effect or FOV Slider Improved Save System Option for increasing text size Tons of bug fixes and polish
Magic was thought long vanished from the world of Gallantia after a civil war between the ancient wizards and the armies of man. Until now.... Magic vanished when the ancient wizards who ruled Gallantia were ousted by the armies of man. Knowledge of the arcane and the ones who worked the ancient Blessings were lost - buried in the sands of time. Magic has been relegated to the realm of myth, of superstition. Yet, myths often have a basis in truth, and a chance encounter in the Eternal Forest could change the world forever. Join Violetta, the Witch of Everlasting Journeys, as she travels through an expansive fantasy setting rich in history and lore on an epic quest to discover if mankind has truly made 'A More Beautiful World' in the absence of miracles. What will she find at the end of her adventure? Hope for a brighter tomorrow, or despair in the nature of man? That's the question YOU will have to help answer. Inspired by novels such as 'Spice and Wolf' and 'Maoyuu Maou Yuusha', A More Beautiful World follows their tradition of placing emphasis on relationships, money and politics. As you join Violetta, expect to see many familiar elements in her journey; history buffs will also pick out real world events reflected in the story from China, Europe and the Americas.That's the question that remains to be answered. Fans of classical literature can expect to find allusions to their favourite works in the visual novel too! Will you join Violetta on her journey?
Tragedy strikes as aliens attack Earth. You're left alone to pilot the last remaining spacecraft on its way back to Earth from Mars Colony. Avoid missiles, asteroids, enemy ships, and more as you accumulate high-scores in the arcade game Earth Attack . Use WASD or the Arrow Keys to move. Spacebar or Left Mouse Click to fire missiles and destroy asteroids; triumph over obstacles and enemies alike to save Earth! Features: Replayable Endless Arcade-Style Gameplay Loop Space Alien Ships Avoid Obstacles Fight Back By Firing Missiles Asteroids Score Attack Thanks to Markiplier for being the first person to ever try the game out and provide some feedback! We are working on updates that will include boss battles, more events, and an improved gameplay loop thanks to his suggestions in his video titled 'I Let a Sketchy Website Pick a Random Steam Game for Me to Play' so check that out if you're interested to laugh at our mistakes! Hopefully, we can improve Earth Attack to be worthy of his glorious positive review!!
The Lich has thrown the world into a timeless loop and plunged its inhabitants into never ending chaos. Wield an expanding deck of mystical cards to place enemies, buildings, and terrain along each unique expedition loop for the brave hero. Recover and equip powerful loot for each class of hero for their battles and expand the survivors' camp to reinforce each adventure through the loop. Unlock new classes, new cards, and devious guardians on your quest to shatter the endless cycle of despair. Infinite Adventure: Select from unlockable character classes and deck cards before setting out on each expedition along a randomly generated loop path. No expedition is ever the same as the ones before it. Plan Your Struggle: Strategically place building, terrain, and enemy cards along each loop to create your own dangerous path. Find balance between the cards to increase your chances of survival while recovering valuable loot and resources for your camp. Loot and Upgrade: Strike down menacing creatures, recover stronger loot to equip on the fly and unlock new perks along the way. Expand Your Camp: Turn hard-earned resources into campsite upgrades and gain valuable reinforcements with each completed loop along the expedition path. Save the Lost World: Overcome a series of unholy guardian bosses over a grand saga to save the world and break the time loop of the Lich!
IMPORTANT NOTE: At the moment the game in development. DIASTONE: Memories is a first-person photorealistic horror game. Our story begins in 1910, in Transylvania, when Adam Taylor, a nineteen-year-old boy living with his parents in a house on the edge of civilization, once back home, hears that his parents started a quarrel in the attic Suddenly all the light in the house turned off and, picking up an old oil lamp, Adam went in search of parents. But when he climbed to the attic there was nobody. The unknown man appeared in his house, all the rooms have changed and the time has ceased to be something specific. In one of the rooms, Adam found a note unknown person who calls himself Adam Taylor. Who is he? What does he have to do with what's going on with Adam? This story will continue in the twenty-first century, when Edward, an orphan living in the very house where Adam's family once settled, meets the same creature. Will it happen again? How will Edward cope with his power? What happened to Adam? DIASTONE WILL TELL EVERYTHING The game focuses on exploration and interaction with the environment and in using illogical solutions that will advance you in the storyline. discovering a constantly changing house and a semi-open world from the first person perspective exploring a fully interactive world tie together all the time periods in which you travel All events taking place in the game have a value in the storyline Wander through rooms in search of items in relation to the story to unlock new passages Real-life horror from P.T. that we will expand to a much more level Realistic graphics - achieved with the magic of UE4 engine.
Features Cute Art! Relaxing Music! A story that might make you cry! Multiple Endings! Tactics to combat intrusive thoughts that you can try IRL! Story The darkness inside of you has manifested right before your very eyes! For once in your life, you get a much needed break, usually you have trouble getting out of bed and struggle with intrusive thoughts from your past that haunt you to this day, however, thanks to a rather pleasant dream you get a rush of positivity and a eager outlook on the day! Unfortunately for you, the negative emotions that feed on you don't like this at all. Not taking any chances, it decides to manifest itself into a physical form and attempts to have you submit to them. Will you fall to the darkness or rise through it? Indeed, the strongest enemies we face are often an extension of ourselves, to overcome this adversary, you will have to... DAB ON DARKNESS!
Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO
Join Runa, a schoolgirl stuck cleaning her classroom after the school's annual festival, as she helps free the benevolent ghost haunting her school! Features: Take part in a story that directly corresponds with featured challenges! Complete tasks by playing different mini-games: hidden object, puzzles, item catching, decoding ciphers, and more! Nothing is a breeze with 25 levels that gradually increase in difficulty! And last but not least - a cute Live2D animated sprite of Runa!
Want to get your Highscore on the leaderboards? Chain kills to get combos while maintaining your charge bar so you can keep blasting away. Upgrades let you customize the Prototype so it fits your playstyle. Want to Speedrun ? Find the best routes in every level so you can avoid conflict and turbo non-stop to the end. Zone of Lacryma too Hard for you? Press the brake button and slow everything down.
Rob the hidden treasure with your beastie abilities and escape without getting caught! Beastie Land is a FAST RETRO 8-BIT TREASURE PLATFORMER TODAY because... it's a FAST action-paced game with no boredom! If you get bored I beg you to return it! it's what you want to play, a full RETRO experience with those pixel graphics that you love. it offers you the opportunity to listen to the best 8-BIT soundtracks in the market. it's about addictive coin and TREASURE hunt collecting action. it's got an enjoyable PLATFORMER design to make you chill in your couch. it's about reliving the moment of the old school era with TODAY 's technology.
Set inside a universe based on scientific theory, college student Sam is inexplicably teleported to the decaying Heywood-Bowman facility, where she stumbles upon the Catalyst, a device that can manipulate the laws of physics. The Catalyst, one variant of a line of emergency and industrial tools, allows the user to temporarily walk on water, climb falling water, run faster, and stop objects in mid-air to create stepping stones. When Sam learns that a malfunctioning experimental stardrive, deep inside the facility, is threatening to rip space-time apart, she must use the Catalyst to find a way to destroy the stardrive, and ultimately find a way back home. Take puzzle solving to a new level, moving away from the test chamber and into the ruins of an advanced research station Immerse yourself in the science and society of the TesserAct universe through hidden terminals Explore the diverse environments of the Heywood-Bowman Facility Adapt and progress as Sam dives deeper into the station's broken infastructure.
Enter an unforgiving survival horror experience as you fight for your life against oppressive odds. The horrors of Arzt Memorial Hospital were just the beginning of the outbreak. As the infection spread across the city, local law enforcement fell quickly. You now find yourself trapped in a hellscape with only a few remaining survivors. Scavenge the environment for supplies, face off against the undead and do anything it takes to survive. You have only one life. Make it count! Local Co-op: Play the entire game offline in splitscreen co-op! Cross Platform: Play co-op with Windows and Linux together! Beauty: Experience the nightmare in beautiful high definition 3D. Film: Fixed and panning camera angles bring the cinematic feel. Campaign Mode: Attempt to escape the quarantine zone. Onslaught Mode: Survive endless waves of the undead. Experiments Mode: Bonus game modes and challenges. Classic: Hardcore survival horror in an unforgiving apocalypse. Cast: Choose from unique characters with their own attributes. Progression: Earn XP, level up and customize each character. Friends: 4-player online co-op multiplayer featuring voice chat. Alone: Play single-player offline in all game modes. Inventory: Choose wisely, your inventory is dangerously limited. Destruction: Numerous firearms, explosives and melee weapons. Replay: Semi-random enemy and item layouts. Controller: Customizable gamepad, mouse and keyboard controls. Worldwide: Cloud-based multiplayer with region selector means no NAT issues.
Stones of the Revenant is inspired by retro arcade beat-em-ups like Golden Axe mixed with classic action-platformers like Ghouls 'n Ghosts. Choose from six playable heroes; Radcliffe the Knight, Halvar the Barbarian, Brielle the Sorceress, Galina the Ranger, Isaak the Thief, and Fritz the Tinkerer. Each with their own unique playstyle! Pair up with a friend via local co-op or fight your way solo through the Revenant's followers and their undead minions. Destroy powerful artifacts known as the Stones of the Revenant and defeat the Revenant himself. Don't let looks fool you! This is a challenging quest to save the realm of the living... Are you up for it? Features Six unique playable characters Two-player Local Co-op Retro arcade style gameplay Beautiful pixel art graphics Fantastic chiptune soundtrack
Starseed Pilgrim is a game about tending a symphonic garden, exploring space, and embracing fate. You are a gardener, tending to empty noise and empty space to fill them both with colour. You are a refugee, building your own world away from the spreading darkness. You are an explorer, discovering new places, new rules, and new fascinations. The Universe Is Bigger Than You Know.
You are tasked with helping a colony ship full of space-faring cats deal with a mysterious disease outbreak! Watch for symptoms such as sneezing, headaches, sweating and more but beware some symptoms may be the result of pre-existing conditions. As the cats go about their personal business try and find the sick, use testing and contact tracing to confirm your suspicions and isolate the sick to prevent the spread. Will you act fast and stop the spread of this disease or will it spread unchecked and ravage your Cat Colony. Cat Colony Crisis is a colony management game where you must observe your cats and try to stop them spreading contagious disease. Features: - Cat AI, they love, fight, eat, sleep according to their personality - Multiple difficulty levels, ramp up the difficulty as your increase your skills - Global leader-boards, compare you skill with the rest of the world - Cute hand draw art style - Lot and lots of cute cats
Easy to Learn The rules for gravity and movement are easy to grasp. The objective 'Pick all the sunflowers and exit through the portal' is simple - within minutes you will move in 3D structures and solve puzzles never seen before. Addictive Gameplay Find solutions to the puzzles and experience the satisfaction of 'Aha' moments. With 100 unique puzzles there will always be many to choose from and hours of gameplay to look forward to. High Quality Graphics Your progression changes the audiovisuals - the retro look explodes in a fountain of pixels, revealing HD visuals. And the music reacts to your progress by blending between crystal clear music and 8-bit retro-style chip tunes. Key Features: 100 unique twisted puzzles. Classic fun puzzle elements: Blocks of ice and fire. Teleporters, buttons, spikes and more. Adaptive audiovisuals. Your movement and progression affects the graphics and music as you play. Compete with other players on online leaderboards and with achievements.
Rebound VR is a fun and absorbing mix of racquetball and breakout-style game-play. - 42 levels spread across 9 different arenas. - 4 difficulty levels from Easy to Extreme. - Each level played against the clock and with limited lives. - Hours of game-play that tests your reactions and coordination. - Extending bats help you reach balls outside your chaperone area. - Tractor beam powerup to pull the ball towards you or give it a wee nudge. - Autosaves so you can return to your game. - Practise hall. - Room scale recommended but can be played seated or standing only. You don't need to wallop the ball - but you can if you like. Just don't take your eye off the red one....
As the lone survivor of a passenger jet crash, you find yourself in a mysterious forest battling to stay alive against a society of cannibalistic mutants. Build, explore, survive in this terrifying first person survival horror simulator. Key features Enter a living, breathing world, where every tree and plant can be chopped down. Below ground explore a vast network of caves and underground lakes. Chop down trees to build a camp, or start a fire to keep warm. Scavenge food to keep yourself from starving. Build a small shelter or a large ocean side fortress. Lay traps and defences to keep a safe perimeter. Explore and build during the day. Defend your base at night. Craft weapons and tools. Bunker down during the evening or bring the fight directly to the enemy. Defend yourself against a clan of genetic mutant enemies that have beliefs, families, morals and that appear almost human. Use stealth to evade enemies, or engage them directly with crude weapons built from sticks and stones.
Christmas is coming, Santa is on his way. However, not everyone likes his visiting, play this game to find out why. It's snowball fighting in VR! Move your head to dodge incoming attacks, and counter their snowballs with yours to show them your excellent snowball fighting skills. Compete your high score with other players and rank yourself as high as possible on the leader board! This is a game designed for VR from the ground up, No keyboard or controllers are required, very easy to pick up. A fun and entertaining game for you and your family!
'Game of Thrones' is over, Is there any other wonderful story like this? Someone once replied: please pick up any Chinese history book. This game will let you experience the cruelty of power struggle in ancient China. Other ancient Chinese dynasties are just a repetition of similar stories. A traditional 3D RPG game with multiple endings story. The plot is adapted from China's oldest long narrative poem, love and hatred through millions of years, and the more wonderful branch story than the main story , are all inspired by Chinese classical literature and ancient history. Sword, axe, dagger, shield, bow, spear, staff and other weapon types, each weapon has a different attack mode. There are many other equipments in the game too .And there are also quest, shop ,inventory, treasure chests, skills, pets, craft, mount and other systems.
The Game Beyond the Sky is a dark-themed point and click adventure in which you play Selene, a young woman who gets lost in a dark wood. Only by learning to see beyond the veil of appearances in exploring the world surrounding her and solving complex logical puzzles she will finally be able to defeat her deepest fears and realize her dream of reaching the moon. Features Unique graphic design, thoroughly crafted and designed entirely by hand; Complex logical puzzles that will test your skills; Distinctive means of exploration that develops over the course of the game; Many bizarre characters to interact with; Emotional original soundtrack; An articulate and multifaceted story that will encourage you to reflect on important and deep themes: life and death, fear and trust, prejudice and conflict; A vivid world that blends a surprising mix of references ranging from the classics of Greek and Latin literature to contemporary movies, classical art and pop culture
The Blitzkrieg: Weapons of War is a tough-as-nails tower defence game from Loui Studios. Complete with a built-in level creator, so you can create and share levels with other players! You must defend the motherland from invading convoys of tanks, cars, and jeeps while enemy aircraft bomb vital buildings. Utilise an arsenal of flamethrowers, high-explosive cannons, artillery, machine guns, missile launchers, AA turrets, pill-box bunkers, and experimental tesla weaponry to survive the blitzkrieg. Each level is a tightly woven puzzle of turret placement, optimisation, and upgrades. Careful strategy is the key to your survival.
Early Access This is a early access Massive Open World Survival game in the beautiful Land of Africa. Please support us to build this game into the best Open world Survival game on the market. The game will be in early access for 3-4 years as we will add new content to the game every month building the game to its full potential. Please do understand there will be lack of content during the development as I am a solo developer and development does take time. There will be issues during early access and I will work on every issue as fast as I can and would like some feedback from you guys on how I can improve the game for you to enjoy. Please join our discord: About The Game This game plays out in the center of Africa where surviving is the key against other natives surviving around the map. Build a Base and gather as much resources as you can to craft weapons and have food to protect your little piece of land against other Natives as they will take your resources to Build a bigger base with more weapons. Surviving is the Key to success. Only way to survive is to fight and stand your ground!!!!
When you take a closer look, everything is an adventure. Tux and Fanny are two friends who live in the forest and just want to play soccer but their ball is deflated. This simple premise hides a complex and epic adventure. Play as both Tux and Fanny as well as other characters from their world. All of the characters will have to work together if they're going to inflate the ball. Play a multitude of diverse mini-games which you'll collect as you progress through your journey, each with their own unique rewards. Enjoy a world far away from consumerism and competition - serene, calming, and magical. The world of Tux and Fanny embraces life's simple pleasures. There are secrets hidden at every turn. Can you find them all?
The original bug-blasting arcade game is back! Centipede: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals designed for modern screens, a 16:9 field of play, and an original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. Aim for a high score in the old school arcade mode and earn bragging rights with your name at the top of the leaderboard. Or test your skills and rank on the boards in one of 30 intensely creative challenges, which twist the gameplay in new and exciting ways. A dozen new power-ups can give you an edge by introducing abilities like screen-clearing explosions, rail guns, and even slowing down time. Every mode and level is playable in local co-op mode with a friend. Key Features: Old Meets New: Classic Centipede gameplay updated for smooth control, and visuals for modern PCs and consoles Powered Up: A dozen power-ups are yours for the taking - scare enemies away, catch them off guard with a side-shot, drop a row of bombs, and more Challenge: Compete in a series of 30 challenges designed to put even the most seasoned players to the test Compete: Reach the top of country global leaderboards for arcade and individual challenge modes Bring a Friend: Play local co-op with a friend in every mode .. blast bugs and chase scores together Get in the Groove: Get into the rhythm of a good run to the original score by Megan McDuffee
Take in the trash... Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is an anti-adventure game about picking up trash in an alien bazaar. Play as the Janitor, an Alaensee girlbeast with a municipally-subsidized trash incineration job and dreams of leaving the planet of Xabran's Rock far behind her. Explore the Spaceport! Navigate the maze of alleyways, side streets, plazas, and bridges as you search for discarded items to burn. Investigate one of various entrances to the mysterious subterranean sewerdungeon, or climb the ominously symmetrical Ziggurat to get a better view of the urban landscape! If you pay attention and keep track of landmarks, you won't get lost... probably. Embrace routine! Spend your days cleaning up litter, finding food, and testing your luck at lottoshrines scattered throughout the area. Daily tasks form the backbone of your life as the Janitor, providing structure and monotonous security in an uncertain world! Do not deviate from your routine. Pray, work, eat, sleep. Do not deviate from your routine. Suffer the Curse! Stick your scentflaps where you shouldn't, and you may just walk away with an ancient cranial entity haunting your every waking moment! Consult local Necresses, pray to the Nine Goddesses, purchase ritual objects, and rub the giant sword to balance your personal luck favorably! Maybe that will make the whispering stop! Embark on an anti-adventure! Find a middle ground between your life of menial drudgery and a culture of exciting quests and powerful heroes, and you might finally find a way off Xabran's Rock! mild content warning for: gender dysphoria, catcalling, poverty, drug use
Here we are, another nerve-racking baseball season is just around the corner and the Solitaire Strikers are ready to claim the victory. Are you good enough to join the team and bring the Strikers to the top of the league? Impress your coach and solve 20 levels of non-stop solitaire fun. Aim for the home run and finish this season as MVP! A store packed with Baseball items 20 levels to play Mini-games 180 innings to complete Relaxing music Full Voice Over
Desperate: Vladivostok is a Bullet Hell VR action in the post-Soviet era, filled with primal ultraviolence, furious fights and adrenaline gunfights. Immerse yourself in a world in which you are alone against everyone. The setting of the game is cyberpunk during the Perestroika period. You take on the role of a contract killer - 'torpedo'. The life circumstances forced your hero to act aggressively, clawing the way to the destruction of a political organized criminal group and its leader at any cost. Features: In killer's shoes Become the central actor in an assassin's criminal story during the setting of post-Soviet cyberpunk due to well-developed dialogue and comics. Music is a weapon Each mission is accompanied by its own unique dynamic soundtrack. No obstacles for desperate Hit, shoot, and dodge in 46 hand-crafted scenes of a furious combat puzzle. It's time for the arena There is a separate arena mode. Prove to everyone that you are the best one. Earn more points, than other players. Get ready for the dynamic gameplay with increasing pace and complexity, atmospheric musical accompaniment to the beat of the game action and a wide range of interaction in a VR environment. Go in hard like a torpedo!
FRAGMENTS is a 2D, psychological, twisted piece of interactive fiction set in the very near future. You play as Evan, a young guy wrestling with his own mind as to whether he did, or did not do a serious crime. Should he fail to get to the bottom of the truth via reconstructions of some of his most traumatizing memories, he risks spending the rest of his life behind bars. Two detectives stand in his way, and both claim it is in Evan's best interests to deliver them the information they need. Make decisions. Affect outcomes. Inhabit Evan's mind, and shape his conclusion at the facility. Features Unfold the creepy, unsettling events that have led to Evan's unfortunate situation. Help Evan accept his fate and move forward with his life. Listen to Evan's conscience, or go against it? That's your call. A chilling, original soundtrack, crafted specifically for Fragments. Two possible endings. How will things play out? Soundtrack Click here to listen to the Fragments soundtrack on Soundcloud! Please note that achievements do not currently work on macOS.
The textile industry is still one of the most exploitative industries in the world. That is why we created this artistic view of working conditions in the 19th century Manchester in the wake of the first general strike. Play as Henrietta, a seamstress trying to juggle a 14-hour work day while taking care of her family and also engaging in the worker's movement. The game alternates between two modes: During working hours you try to reach your quota, and at home you use your limited income to try and keep your family alive and well. Can you also find the time to involve your self in the socio-political problems of the era? Half of all revenue from the game will be donated to Labour Behind the Label, a UK-based non-profit co-operative organisation which campaigns for workers' rights in the clothing industry.
Galactic Civilizations is a space based strategy game in which you are in control of humanity's destiny. The year is 2178, the Terran Alliance has invented a new technology -- Hyperdrive. But the secret has leaked to the other civilizations starting a race for all the inhabitable worlds in the galaxy! As leader of United Earth, you must research new technologies, build an economy, create a powerful military force, all the while carefully balancing your political, diplomatic and trade skills. Galactic Civilizations I: Ultimate Edition combines the award-winning Galactic Civilizations with the Altarian Prophecy expansion pack to create a stellar adventure. Key Features: Replayability - Galactic Civilizations is readily playable by casual gamers and includes a powerful, sophisticated AI and game mechanics that make each gaming experience different and highly addictive. Immersive Storyline - Playing as the leader of humanity, you have a rich and deep heritage to lead the human race and become one of the principal species of the universe. Multiple, Balanced Paths to Victory - Achieve victory using military strength, economic might, or political power. The Metaverse - Gamers with a Stardock account can be part of the 'metaverse,' where victories, defeats and campaigns can be recorded, allowing players to share their gaming experience. A Map editor that allows players to design their own custom maps. A scenario editor that enables players to create specific game environments. A Campaign editor allows users to create a set of games that are linked together to tell a story.
Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Wonder no more! Embark on your quest to attain it today! Start out by clicking on the monster to kill them, and get their gold. Spend that gold on hiring new heroes and get more damage. The more damage you deal, the more gold you will get. Feel the power as you grow exponentially and become the greatest ever! Hire 35 unique heroes to help you do damage without having to click! Meet legendary figures from myth and legend, such as Athena, Amenhotep, King Midas, and more! They will all lend their sword to your cause, for a cost. These guys' damage per second makes your MMO characters look like kindergarteners. Spend your hard-earned loot on upgrading them to gain special powers to aid you in getting even more gold! Click your way to defeat powerful monsters. Fight over 100 different monsters, all beautifully drawn and animated. Watch out for the bosses! Need to do the laundry? Give the puppy a shower? No worries! Your heroes will farm monsters and automatically collect the gold while you're gone, even when the game is closed. But don't forget to come back and spend all that sweet gold on new heroes and upgrades!
Enemies react to your actions! If you're about to be surrounded, stop and find a safe place... then go there and keep fighting! 6 playable characters, each with a unique playing style! A story about love, hate and machines, with more than an hour of cutscenes! Save the scientists and unlock powerful weapons During the early 70s, the government created a secret robot city, controlled by a supercomputer called PAL 9000. One day, PAL 9000 went out of control, and rebelled against his creators. As Julie, a rookie agent, your goal is to find all your captured teammates and defeat the evil PAL 9000. But... are you sure you're on the right side? Are you sure robots are the aggressors?
Inspired by the adventure games of old, LUNA The Shadow Dust is a moving tale of two playable companions drawn together in a hand-animated puzzle adventure, featuring a breathtaking original soundtrack and beautiful 2D cinematics. To light a candle is to cast a shadow Behind the shadow of reality, an enchanted world awaits illumination. Experience the magical journey of a young boy and his companion as they solve puzzles and trace back the memories of old, brought to life with visually stunning, wordless cinematics. Enter the ancient tower that stands at the edge of the world and discover the hand-drawn cinematics, intricate puzzles and haunting music of this indie gem. Traditional frame by frame character animation 12 frames per second, 3 layers per frame. Over 250 animations and 20 minutes of cinematics. A nostalgic and time-consuming process - but really worth the challenge for a small indie team of four. Single player mode with dual character control Solve puzzles from different perspectives. Discover a story of true courage with two playable characters drawn together through an inseparable bond. Think outside of the box Spark your imagination and solve a wide variety of puzzles, presented in gorgeous hand-drawn environments. Puzzles work standalone, requiring no 'hidden items' or player backtracking. LESS reading, MORE cinematics We replaced a dialogue system with a series of beautifully hand-animated cinematics telling a mysterious story. Engaging Original Soundtrack Our composer created an original soundtrack, designed to immerse the player in the emotional highs and lows of the story, kindling goose-bumps along the journey.
Tactical chess-like approach of space battles Over 30 different spaceships with unique moves and weapons patterns 34 missions ranging from large-scale battles to covert operations Deterministic gameplay: No luck involved, only your skills In 2312, first contact with the Navassian extraterrestrial species was established near the Deltria system. For 5 years we have been observing this warlike race while maintaining a wary diplomatic relationship. Growing tensions over ownership of the minerals of the Deltria system lead to the formation of the Unified Earth Defense Forces. Facing overwhelming odds in a direct military conflict, the UEDF introduced the Halting Extraterrestrials Strategy, or HES, training program for all officers. The simulator presents likely combat encounters based upon observed Navassian tactical data from previous engagements. Recruits call this program the Human Extinction Simulator due to the extensive and often catastrophic scenarios depicted. While most find this amusing, some fear that it might be the actual name of the program. Welcome to the meat grinder, Lieutenant.
Transform your keyboard into an instrument and play along to the melody of catchy chiptunes in this challenging rhythm game. Two game modes - strum and tap Three difficulty levels from rookie to expert Weekly and all-time leaderboards 40 official songs to choose from Track your own custom songs Share them with the community via the steam workshop Earn steam achievements Customise your keys
What Lilly sees is about to change her life forever.... Help our heroine through a variety of enchanting environments brimming with magic and wonder, as she seeks to rewrite the past, change the present, and unlock the ultimate mystery. Geeta Games presents an animated point-and-click adventure for all ages: Lilly Looking Through.
Join anthropologist Alexia Crow in this introspective and insightful puzzle adventure. While traveling deep in a forest, she becomes trapped in a mysterious cave and soon finds out she's not alone. A centaur named Chiron also inhabits the cave, and his sole purpose is to train epic heroes. It was he who was responsible for the legendary heroics of Achilles and Hercules. Chiron will test Alexia's wit and cunning by forcing her to solve challenging puzzles, meant for only the world's greatest heroes. Join the millions who have already discovered the Alexia Crow series and regularly proclaim it to be one of the best adventure game series ever made! Special Features Clever and original puzzles Solid Storyline full of twists Professional voice acting Astounding art
The sun will not rise, just endless moons - and you, Caliban, must try to learn why you have become trapped in a dream. It is 1680, Northern Italy. You are the last heir of a noble lineage, struggling to understand your dark inheritance. Explore the ruins of the family estate, and the incredible realm below, seeking clues to your past, and to the events that severed you from your family long ago. The darkness below reaches back centuries, and your place in this story is about to become terrifyingly clear. Caliban Below is a short story from the world of The Abbot's Book, created by the academy award winning talent of Blackthorn Media. This tale is made as a stand-alone piece, but is also part of a much larger world. You can get a different perspective on Caliban in The Abbot's Book Demo , also available on Steam. We love the possibilities for storytelling in VR. The world of The Abbot's Book is enormous, and we hope to tell far more of this tale as the market grows. In the meantime, please enjoy Caliban Below with our compliments. Share it with friends if you like it! We'll be thrilled if the piece can help bring more awareness to the medium.
Years ago I would play volleyball quite a bit, I never knew it would lead to this. Julias I really hope you get a chance to give this a try. I would love to know what you think. I hope you are well. May encouraged me to publish this here, she's helped me so much lately. I hope you enjoy the game. -Len Take to the court and match up against your opponent in physically and mentally challenging beach volleyball! Retired Men's Nude Beach Volleyball is a single-player narrative-based volleyball game set in beautiful locations across Massachusetts. Join the league and play as Len Rizzo as he navigates the later part of life one serve at a time.
A local multiplayer brawler. Features: Two-player splitscreen. 7 changing worlds. Cheaper than chips. Buy the soundtrack for a quid here Gamepads are recommended but not essential. This is local multi-player only folks, no single player, no online. Great for a wee laugh at a party or with mates. Not good for relaxing alone in a gentlemanly manner.
Bokida - Heartfelt Reunion takes place on a dormant, seemingly monochromatic world of light that gradually reveals its beauty. Experience freedom while exploring an intriguing environment. Journey, using your abilities to reunite two planets who were separated a long time ago. Features Explore a stark environment rich with the potential for playfulness Change the world around you, building and altering massive structures Solve puzzles to radically transform the landscape Relax and enjoy the experience of an intriguing world rich with mysteries Bokida's setting is defined by two worlds: the vast and open light world which invites exploration; and the dark world, home to another realm of mystery. These two gigantic entities have been separated for a very long time, but this is about to change. Like two lovers longing to reunite after having been kept apart for far too long, these two worlds finally have a chance to be as one again. Be the messenger. Awaken the light world, guide the dark world, and help reset the equilibrium that has kept the lovers apart. At the core of the experience rests a powerful tool. Create colorful structures with the abilities it grants, cut and sculpt them with precision and clear away cut-off fragments. Express your creativity and navigate the massive, open world however they you wish. Exploration revolves around the playful manipulation of this tool to engage with and harness the virtual environment. Bring life to the canvas of the computer screen by adding your touches of color. The initially dormant game world is transformed and turns into a place of beauty. Discover majestic landscapes to roam and dive into another reality...
Kingsway is an RPG in which you use a mock operating system to manage your adventure. Every element of the game is a part of the operating system. Enemies and traps are popups, backpacks are the file folders where you organize your items, and quests are emails. The world of Kingsway is randomly generated every time you play, and death is permanent. Choose from various character types each with their own special skills. Discover a strange land of monsters, bandits, and other adventurers. Choose to be good or evil by choosing to help your fellow adventurers, defeating powerful monsters, or steal and murder your way to the top. Defeat enemies and plunder crypts and caves for treasure. Complete Quests for extra special treasure. Organize the interface to suit your play style.
Hockey at it's simplest form. Maybe too simple. Quickly dive into a game of hockey with 2 skaters and a goalie on each side. You'll have to pass, shoot, and hit your way to victory even it that means taking out the ref. Plug in more controllers and have a Blockey party with your friends as you can work together or take each other on. And if you're ever lost in life you can even try our 'Ask the Bear' mode. This game was originally made in 2010 for the Xbox 360 indie marketplace. It was my first ever project which put me down the path of software development.
In the year 1139, the Second Council of the Lateran convened by Pope Innocent II has pronounced anathema on the use of crossbow. The council saw its unstoppable power as ungodly, demonic by nature. They were not entirely wrong. The Coven of Crossbow, an ancient order of hunters sworn to guard the balance between the forces of heaven and hell prevailed against all odds. In the year 1666, as fire and plague ravage London, the Coven is facing its greatest challenge yet. The Ancient Horror from Beyond makes its way towards our reality. In its wake, legions of nightmare creatures spawn in the darkness. The Bloodnight is upon us, let the hunt begin! Features: Arcane Crossbow with various shooting modes, further empowered by siphoned spirits of your prey Fluid, skill-rewarding movement mechanics with dashes, jumps, and bunny hops Devastating special attack that takes time to recharge and is best used in strategic moments Instant respawn button and fast respawn after death, so you can stay immersed in the game Six enemy types in two variants, endlessly flooding the night-clad courtyard of the old, desecrated abbey that becomes the arena of your struggle Global leaderboard system so you can compete against friends and strangers Full controller support From the developers of POSTAL: Brain Damaged and ELDERBORN comes CROSSBOW: Bloodnight, a frantic score-attack arena shooter set in a world of camp horror and gore. Master the occult powers of your automatic crossbow and fight for every second of survival against a relentless demonic horde! Hunt. Die. Hunt again.
Duplexer is a challenging single-player puzzle platformer game. The player can push or pull the walls, floor and ceiling around them to overcome many puzzling, platforming and physics based trials. The game is designed to encourage players to solve puzzles in new and innovative ways. By focusing on a very simple mechanic, the game opens up near-endless level possibilities and puzzle solving methods. This allows the player to complete many levels in various different ways, depending on the approach they like to take and how their mind overcomes complex challenges. Players must overcome challenges and puzzles by moving sections of the walls to maneuver themselves, and other objects, through the level. Featuring: 100 interesting and challenging levels Original music score 21 Challenging Achievements Accurate time tracking for every level We plan to continually release updates which includes more levels to challenge yourselves on, these updates will be FREE forever! Here at Vantage Games we love competition. That's why we encourage players to put their skills to the test and try to complete our game as fast as possible. We have built the game with competitive speed running in mind and would love it if you pushed our game to its limits. To help do this we have provided a built in timer to every level and all levels can be replayed at any time.
You are the Dragon Commander. Your mission it is to reunite a broken empire and become the new emperor. Success depends entirely on your ability to efficiently rule your empire, build invincible armies and lead them to victory. Your secret weapons: your tactical insights, your leadership skills and your ability to turn yourself into a dragon. Dragon Commander is not just any strategy game - it seamlessly blends real-time strategy gameplay with turn-based campaigning, role-playing an ascending emperor and controlling a formidable dragon. Key Features Real time strategy: Command your sea, land and air forces in real-time. Combined operations and knowing where and when to hit are crucial elements of any victory. Dragon Combat: During real time strategy mode, you can turn into a dragon to support your troops in combat and obliterate the enemy using your formidable dragon powers. Turn based campaign: Direct your conquest on the turn-based world map; plan several moves ahead, build formidable armies and invest in the right technology or magic upgrades. Rule your empire: You are the emperor and you make the decisions! But beware, political balance is easily upset. Each game is different and you'll find that a Dragon Commander needs to make really tough decisions. Feel the effects of your decisions on the battlefield as the war progresses. Single-player, multiplayer and co-op modes: Play the single player story-driven campaign or test your mettle against other Dragon Knights, online or local via LAN. Start your own multiplayer campaign with or against a friend. Or duke it out on a skirmish map.
Milo arrives on Earth to find that he's way too small, everybody's gone and a day hasn't passed since 1991! Find a way home through a sprawling ant-sized metropolis, and unravel Earth's biggest mystery!
DERE EVIL EXE is both a terrifying thriller with a gripping story and an unorthodox retro platformer with unique puzzles and difficult obstacles. This game is not for the faint of heart. If you choose to get DERE EVIL EXE, you can also get DERE EXE and PROTO DERE .NES, two full games, as free DLC. Note: Please detach controllers when playing this game. This causes the left and right arrows to stick. This game DOES NOT have controller support. Unplug any and all controllers while playing this game. Use the space bar and left and right arrow keys to move. In DERE EVIL EXE, you step into the tiny shoes of a silent hero named 'Knightly'. Knightly must jump, run, and manipulate environments in order to survive the heart-racing journey through a stunning pixel art world. Within surreal structures and blocky hills lurk dangerous creatures known as 'corruptions'. They take the form of their creator's greatest fears. Their creepy creator, sporting a cunning visage of cheerfulness, hides in plain sight as she watches her prey fall deeper into her traps. Fan art by Hannahdouken A Game Lost In Time Modern 2d side-scrolling horror game with levels inspired by the simplicity and aesthetics of 16-bit arcade classics of the 80s and 90s. Melodic Madness The game plays either catchy retro chiptune music or ominous PSX era orchestral music, depending on the situation. Immersive Tale Of Horror A completely new meta story that bends the creepypasta genre in ways unseen in the video game world. A Standalone Sequel You don't need to have played DERE EXE: Rebirth of Horror to enjoy this side-scroller game.
Amidst the garden of scented dreams, Elite and misfit, two extremes One stands in spotlight, one cast in shadows. How will sparks flare as feelings grow? As flowers bloom in the labyrinth. A lone Miss Saigon stands among the hyacinths. Like an apologetic, regretful dove, tells the story of melancholic love. Melancholy Love is a coming-of-age yuri visual novel set in a private girls' academy. It's a romantic journey that follows an elite student born to privilege and a delinquent who wishes to break free from the chains of the academy. How will sparks fly between these two people from different worlds? Will their love overcome all obstacles or will their differences be too great and drive them apart? A Romantic Yuri Story Full Mandarin Voice Acting An unforgettable Soundtrack Stunning CG Artwork and Backgrounds Three Endings NOTE: This is the English Version of Melancholy Love. For the Chinese version, please visit their Chinese Publisher page.
10 Minute Barbarian is a unique strategy game that combines fast-paced exploration and even faster-paced action combat. Choose your battles carefully, then watch as armies of hundreds crash castle walls, cast spells, and send fireballs into each other's ranks. Features: High-speed strategy gameplay for the busy gamer Giant battles with hundreds of soldiers supported by special units like dragons, demons, and necromancers Controls easy enough for casual players No micropayments---pay once, get everything 10 Minute Barbarian is available for Windows and Mac OS X.
Fears to Fathom is an episodic psychological horror game where each episode unveils a short story narrated by the ones who survived. The first episode of Fears to Fathom is free to play, more episodes are coming soon. Fears to Fathom : Home Alone In the first episode of Fears to Fathom you play as Miles, a 14 years old kid who is home alone while his parents are out of town for work. He soon finds himself in trouble as the story unfolds, would he make it through the night? He survived as he made the right choices . Key Features Atmospheric environment and photo-realistic graphics. VHS film aesthetic. Receive texts from NPCs. Player voice activity.
Dragon Awaken is a semi-turn based heroic fantasy mmorpg where you will have to collect dragons, improve your armors and develop new skills and recruit legendary Heroes. You are the son of an original Dragon born of a chaotic ocean and an ancient god torn from an eternal star, you represent life and the hope of a certain victory. The essence of dragons will help you defeat this new threat, allowing you to gather legendary beings and protect the holy city! In the past the inner and outer planes formed only one plane bound by the ethereal, the shadow, and the energy of the stars. Beyond the ordinary world of humans there were twelve vast kingdoms that maintained a certain balance between elements and energies. Each of them had managed to create a full-fledged universe with its natural laws, its extraordinary inhabitants mixing in their turn mortal lives, gods, demons, angels, devils and many more strange creatures both exotic wonderful and terrifying you can not imagine. Yet at the crossroads of worlds where everything is possible, a determined being was born, Garuldrix the planar dragon. He founded the thirteenth kingdom, tried to shape each of his descendants in his own image, and then drove out like animals the different inhabitants of the other planes who did not want to bow to his will. Those whom he could not corrupt were eradicated. A war broke out between them and this being of evil, even more devastating than ever, it thus caused the exodus of several people to the Citadel Promise. Exhausted by the incredible struggle of their fathers, the sons of different kingdoms decided to unite to face together this threat and defend the last bastion of freedom. Fighters of all horizons have begun to flow through the planes and passages of the ether to the material world. All swore allegiance to their brothers in arms to gather their powers and defeat Garuldrix. Even today, you, commander and worthy heir of the twelve kingdoms, are called to lead, to fight and to awaken your inner power in order to overcome these dragons and to leave a lasting peace reign between the worlds. Would you know how to answer this call?
Chained Echoes is a story-driven JRPG where a group of heroes travel around the vast continent of Valandis to bring an end to the war between its three kingdoms. In the course of their journey, they will travel through a wide array of diverse landscapes spanning from wind-tanned plateaus and exotic archipelagos to sunken cities and forgotten dungeons. Take up your sword, channel your magic or board your Mech. Chained Echoes is a 16-bit SNES style RPG set in a fantasy world where dragons are as common as piloted mechanical suits. Follow a group of heroes as they explore a land filled to the brim with charming characters, fantastic landscapes and vicious foes. Can you bring peace to a continent where war has been waged for generations and betrayal lurks around every corner? Key Features: 30 - 40 hours of play time Fast paced turn-based battles No random encounters; enemies can be seen running around Tons of items to be looted, stolen or crafted Complex skill and equipment system Customize your own airship Travel and fight by foot or in your Mech 16-bit SNES style graphics Music inspired by PSX RPGs
Escape the destruction of your city with just one button! The game that popularized the infinite runner genre is back with two-player mode and new challenges. Play any of the 8 new game modes with one or two players, dash across rooftops with four different runners, or just chase that high score in the classic futile race for survival.
Adrenaline rushing, fast-paced roomscale SciFi shooter for HTC Vive and Oculus Rift VR Shooter Guns is about bare survival in a sci-fi environment. Skill, speed and tactics are required. You'll get so sweaty that you can skip the gym afterwards. Fight your way through a space station to escape evil robots! In a distant future, petty humans only exist to consume what gigantic automated robot facilities are producing. These vast factories floating in space have been built by generations of both, humans and robots. You are one of those solitary humans, whose job hasn't been replaced by androids yet. Alone in space with the sole purpose to supervise the assembly during endless boring shifts. And the Artificial Intelligence watches you. Nothing ever happens. Until NOW. Cool Features Nine languages: English, French, German, Portuguese-Brazil, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Korean, Japanese Four challenging levels 15 and 30 Minute runs for highscore Endless permadeath mode for skilled players Increasing difficulty with each round Global Highscore HTC Vive and Oculus Rift supported Built from the ground up for virtual reality! Perfect for social VR challenges with your buddies! Free Locomotion support! Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Take control of Gummy The Soft, whose fall from The Great Gob was far and hard. Chomp your way through tough as teeth enemies and face the dreaded Pearly Knights, a true test of your enam-mettle. Collect upgrades AND diseases to enhance your agility and control over your one and only tooth. Brush and floss daily. 280 upgrades to aid or hinder your run. Take a diseased upgrade and risk being able to cure the disease to keep only the positive effects Boss fights with multiple phases and attacks to keep you on your gums Hundreds of handcrafted rooms and a new body to explore every time you die Challenging rewarding skill based combat. No permanent stat upgrades Slow motion Accessibility options So much bodily fluid More teeth puns then you can shake a tooth brush at More fun then going to the dentist Cheaper too ....unless you have insurance or you know someone Use the agility and stickiness of your little gummy to run on walls to escape bullet hells. Jump high into the air to get a better view or to dodge an impossible amount of bullets. While your in the air, why not take the time to reflect on your life. The purchase you made....WAIT! That enemy is stunned! JUMP ON IT!!! As a kid, did you ever try to re-insert your baby tooth back into its gummy cavity? No? Well now's your chance! Shoot your tooth and suck back! Time it just right to inflict extra damage. Diseases Contract diseases as you play. Diseases are powerful but come at a price. Do you risk the poison of diarrhea for the speed and urgency it creates in you? Leave the disease behind, and the body will consume the disease increasing the difficulty. Take entamaphobia to give all doorways a powerful laser. However, doors now cause damage by going through them. There's a creature that can administer a cure. But where and when you find him is unknown. Bosses The Pearly Knights wont go down without a fight. Face bosses that will fight tooth and tooth to guard their... little rectangle room... But they love it and it's theirs so beware! Do you hate rogue-lites or need a more chill experience? There's options to make the game more forgiving! Want to start the game with a bunch of health? Want to give yourself a little power boost? There's more subtle options that no one will notice if you use. This wont block off content though. You play how you want. A note to potential buyers At first glance, Cavity Busters looks like your run of the mill roguelite. However the game has some unique mechanics. If you'd like something new in the genre, I believe you'll have a deep, rewarding experience!
Thanks for dropping in! Drop Blox is a time management strategy game where colored Blox continuously drop into space. Quickly match the colored Blox with their person before they overflow out of bounds. Need a color on the bottom? Toss the other Blox out of your way! Or neatly stack them, your strategy is up to you! Happy Customer's are key to completing levels and moving on to more challenging tasks. But remember, the farther you get, the faster they fall! Features: -Minimalistic Level Design -15 Levels Ranging in Difficulty -Rainbow Blox Make Any Customer a Happy Customer -White Blox Cannot Be Used and Fill Up Space -Gray Blox Turn Other Blox Gray And Break To Pieces -Heart Blox Give You Extra Lives
Experience the life of a starving artist! Passpartout puts you into the shoes of a French artist trying to navigate the beautifully confusing art scene. Paint and sell your own art to survive your expensive wine and baguette addiction. Features Paint your own masterpieces! Even you can become the next Van Gogh! Battle with subjectivity and try to charm a variety of self-proclaimed art connoisseurs without losing your 'artistic integrity'! Survive your wine and baguette bills. Will your addiction to baguettes be your downfall? Unlock fancier galleries and customers! Experience the French art world through a living puppet theater! Includes an amazing soundtrack by our favourite groovin' dinosaurs Synkronosaurus
The Ultimate Ecosystem Sim Game From the back-catalog of Pocketwatch Games, 2005's Wildlife Tycoon: Venture Africa was the game that started this indie's journey. Expect the unexpected out of this unique Tycoon game -- There are no people to please, there is no money to horde, there are only animals. Packs of hungry lions, families of chattering baboons, and epic herds of wildebeests fill the ecosystems that players create and control. Features 'Be the Animal' lets you take control over any creature Earn jewels for building balanced ecosystems -- and use those jewels to bring rain to the desert Compete for trophies and hidden content in the Sandbox or follow the journey of Dr. Willoughby and Miss Carrilou in Story Mode
Effie is a 3D action-adventure game that combines classic elements from the genre, such as combat, platforming, and puzzles, with the exploration of an expanded world. Live a unique fantasy adventure, free the cities from a powerful and dark evil, and relive the look and feel of old-school video-games! Experience a unique adventure Delve into the adventure of Galand, a young man in his quest to recover his youth after a witch cursed him with premature old age. Defeat all the sinister creatures, overcome all the platforming challenges and solve the most complex puzzles! Runestone, your travel companion A powerful black magic controls the cities of the region of Oblena. To face evil, you will carry a magic shield that will allow you to defend yourself, to fight and to surf across the red grassland. It will gradually grow in power and skills! Relive the feeling of old-school video-games We all have fond memories of those incredible classic 3D action-adventure games. We have used those references to bring those sensations back to life again, but with modern graphics, controls and game-play! Effie is inspired by games like: Ratchet and Clank A Hat in Time The Legend of Zelda - Saga RiME Abzu Yooka-Laylee Rayman - Saga Spyro Crash Bandicoot
Choose the mode that fits your mood. Go it alone in solo mode, battle with a partner in duos, or field a four-person team in squads. Loot, loot everywhere. Famous firearms, melee weapons, throwables, medical items, armor, scopes, and backpacks to hold it all. Raid an air drop to get the rarest loot! Tired of looting the same set of static locations every game? surviv.io features something no other Battle Royale offers: a completely new map in each game. Every rock, tree, building, bunker, and river spawns in a randomly chosen place using our intelligent map generation tech. The surviv.io dev team is dedicated to keeping the game fresh and exciting. We believe in frequent updates and open communication with the community. Join us on Discord and say hello! Every feature and every update completely in-sync between PC, desktop, and mobile. Play with your friends, regardless of their device.
Tales of Fire is the story of a little ant on an adventure to save her village from the winter cold. Explore the dangerous terrain with nothing but your match, aka your weapon. Make sure not to let the match extinguish though! Will you be able to help all the ants survive? Make sure to bring the fire to the end and save all of the ant species!
Descend into abandoned factories in search of lost cassette tapes that hold boundless virtual worlds. Explore, manipulate, and distort the tapes to make them reveal their secrets. Solve mechanical puzzles and map the winding halls of these empty monoliths. Will you be able to find the way out, or what has happened? Key Features Collect: More than 30 different tapes and distorted versions to explore. Listen: Distinctive soundtrack that changes along with each tape that is warped. Search: Find items within the tapes to help you continue on your journey.
'One , two, three; let's play hide and seek... Four, five, six; run away from me... Seven, eight, nine; the three hollowed you hide... Ten; I'm here.' - 'The Aged Tree', the game's theme song Horror game about hiding from monsters, not fighting them Scarred Stars is a psychological survival horror game, without any combat. Your only option to save yourself from the horrible monsters that lurk in the shadows is to hide from them. Plot It's the year 1985. Asuka had always been a good girl but she had a friend who was bad influence on her; Momoko. Momoko always tried to egg Asuka onto doing mischevious, bad things. However, one day Momoko actually insists that the duo break into an abandoned amusent park as a dare, only for things to take ugly turn...
GlassWire visualizes all your network activity so you can improve your Internet connection quality, save bandwidth, and help protect your computer from malware. If any unusual network-related activity is detected GlassWire warns you with a temporary polite notification that won't disturb your game-play. Do you host any games on remote servers? GlassWire can monitor your game servers remotely so you can check their network connection quality, detailed bandwidth usage, and also look out for hack attacks. Do you not agree with how much bandwidth your hosting company claims you are using? If so you can double check your daily, weekly, or monthly bandwidth usage with GlassWire. If you notice a strange connection on your computer or game server GlassWire allows you to block the connection with its simple firewall. Since GlassWire works with the built in Windows firewall it's unlikely to cause stability problems with your software or computer. Protect your Internet resources, computers, and remote servers with GlassWire's free network security monitoring software.
Super Sanctum TD is a retro-styled Tower Defense game that focuses on strategy, customization and replayability. Build advanced mazes and construct powerful towers to prevent alien hordes from reaching the Core! When the aliens swarm your maze and everything seems lost, use active abilities like Air Strike and Freeze to tilt the battlefield to your advantage! Strategy and skill are leading principles of Super Sanctum TD. Carefully choose your loadout of towers and active abilities before each level to make sure you can handle everything that will be thrown at you. Each battle is rewarded depending on your performance, and you can use these rewards to gain access to Perks that let you tweak and specialize your strategies even more! Carefully plan your maze to master the game on all difficulties. Towers like Gatling, Flamer and the Automatic Crowd Pummeler, all with their own individual strengths. Intercept enemies from reaching the Cores with active abilities like Smart Bomb and Gravity Shift! Vast perk system that lets you specialize specific towers, abilities, and more! Prove yourself as the ultimate Core defender by defeating the game on all difficulties and game modes. Square up against the best for a spot on the leaderboard by putting your deadliest strategies to the test in Survival Mode! Super Sanctum TD has recently recieved a major overhaul with a revamped UI, new perk system and rebalanced gameplay!
Tap Adventure: Time Travel is an RPG clicker game in authentic Patch World. A team of heroes starts their journey through thick forests, spooky swamps, dense jungle, gold mines, timeless glaciers, and lifeless wasteland. This journey will not be easy because the marshes and swamps are inhabited by evil goblins and ogres; vicious predators and wild brownies hide in the forests, and bloodthirsty tribes of natives and baboons fill the jungle. Local inhabitants don't like intruders: the only way to get past is to fight them! 7 basic character classes, each with unique skills and choices in leveling Unlike other clicker games, you haven't a lot of heroes, you can hire only 7 of them, one for each type: Warrior, Archer, Wise Man, Rogue, Savage, Magician and Engineer. And all of them have their own skill set, that makes them unique. You can develop heroes in the different ways, more suitable for your playstyle. 30 epic bosses and a myriad of monsters Huge epic bosses, overlords of their dominions, will stand against your heroes! They are much tougher than common enemies. But you can get nice reward, if you will be able to beat them: chests, that allow you to upgrade your heroes, runestones to craft mighty artifacts, manacoins to spend them on Mimics... 9 diverse colorful worlds Lively jungle, wild forest, spooky swamp, grim graveyard, dark mines, cold ice mountains, majestic city, deadly barrens and mysterious crossroads. Each of these beautiful locations has its own style and charm, their own inhabitants and bosses. Explore the lands of the Patch World! Valuable rewards for defeating bosses, brilliant graphics and spectacular effects and a lot of gold, heaps of gold! Also, you can make living Chest, meet the gambling machines of the Governor, exchange some goods for the manacoins and explore the magnificent Patch World! Also you can check our other projects. Forge of Gods - highly addictive multiplayer card strategy RPG , chibi-style fancy card collectable RPG Mighty Party and exciting VR-shooter Cargo Cult: Shoot'n'Loot VR . Panoramik Inc. has been making games since 2005. We specialize in creating different types of games, ranging from casual ones up to mid core.
Ben There, Dan That! and Time Gentlemen, Please! are a couple of rip-roaring point-and-click adventure games . With tongue firmly in cheek, sit back, relax, and put your mind to work solving puzzles, and reading some very funny dialogue. It's like a book, only good! From an horrific and untimely death in deep, dark Peru, via preposterous-and-suspect alien invasions, to whipping back-and-forth in time to stop Hitler and his army of robot Nazi dinosaur clones, this is one set of adventures you're unlikely to forget. Key features: Funny words that'll actually probably make you laugh out loud! Graphics AND sound effects! Thousands of unique responses for almost every action you can think of! NAZI DINOSAURS!
The Impossible VR Party Game. Compete with friends to a marathon of ridiculous challenges. Deceivingly simple and hilarious for players and audiences that is sure to bring the room to its feet. Who will go the furthest? Compete in a kart race with your friends to achieve the furthest distance. But beware, in order to advance you will have to overcome impossible challenges. Gameplay specifically designed for VR that puts players dexterity, intelligence and reflexes to the test. Features: - 1-4 Players hot seat local multiplayer. Strap on to race for glory then sit back and watch your friends fail in agony. - 10 ridiculous challenges, each having 5 difficulties and absurd varieties. What we're working on: - We will constantly be adding more insane challenges to the game. - Online multiplayer mode. - Seasonal championships. Immortalise your highscore and become a Legend with Seasonal Championship boards. HTC Vive or Oculus with Oculus Touch controllers required to play the game.
rymdkapsel is a game where you take command of a space station and its minions. You will have to plan your expansion and manage your resources to explore the galaxy.
Shadow Gangs is an arcade style ninja action game. The graphics are HD hand drawn and traditional style animated. You play the role of Dan the current ninja order master. Your mission is to rescue your family from the Shadow Force crime organisation, whose members are known as the Shadow Gangs. Use your ninja transformation ability and your special powers. Venture over 10 levels, defeat the 6 bosses, save your family and defeat the Shadow Gangs. Live The Legend Of Dan The Crimson Ninja!
'Sunrise' - an online shooter with elements of survival from the first person. Your task is to survive in the harsh conditions of the post-apocalyptic world. Explore new regions, team up with other players in groups, survive with them and create your own rules of survival! Features: - The project is constantly developing: administration is always in touch with players; - Customization of the character and his equipment; - Ability to use different types of transport; - Advanced system of crafting weapons, ammunition, etc.; - The danger awaits you at every step: monsters, anomalies, natural phenomena, as well as other players; - The game world is not static: the danger can overtake you even if you are inactive!; - Ability to actively interact with elements of environment; - Realistic simulation of natural conditions;
Gang Beasts is a silly multiplayer party game with surly gelatinous characters, brutal slapstick fight sequences, and absurd hazardous environments, set in the mean streets of Beef City. Customise your character and fight local and online enemies in the melee game mode or fight with friends against the gangs of Beef City in the gang game mode. Gang Beasts is made by Boneloaf, a small independent game studio making a series of experimental multiplayer party games.
This is an experimental game in which nobody knows what comes next, not even us. It is all up to the players who will leave feedback and suggestions after completing each chapter. We will use the feedback from players to shape the direction of the next chapter. We hope that this unique approach will provide an engaging and thought-provoking experience for all participants, as everyone has the opportunity to contribute to the game. You can come up with your own character, your own riddle, put something of your own into the game! Immerse yourself in the mystical atmosphere of an eternal summer evening, with a nostalgic nod to the 80s and 90s Eastern Europe. Our inspiration comes from real objects found in our grandfathers' homes, which we have carefully recreated to transport you back in time. We will curate a selection of player-generated ideas to feature in the upcoming chapter. Moving forward, only paid subscribers will have the opportunity to contribute story influences and suggestions. However, for the first chapter, all those who have purchased it will be able to participate in this exciting creative endeavour by submitting their own photos or items or ideas for consideration. Our indie game was created by just three of us, and we took on the challenge of developing it in two languages. Our goal was to create puzzles that were out-of-the-box and a plot that was strong enough to keep players hooked. The plot is rich with details and hooks, and each player will have their own interpretation of the game. The protagonist of our story receives a letter from an old friend, inviting him to visit. Upon arrival at the familiar apartment, he realizes that everything has changed and time seems to have stopped there. As he explores the space, unable to find his friend, he begins to question whether he truly knows this place. With each new discovery, strange occurrences begin to unfold. This first-person game is set in Eastern Europe at the end of the last century, immersing players in its mysterious atmosphere and evoking nostalgic memories for some. This linear quest is filled with numerous mysteries that each player will interpret differently. After completing the first chapter, we invite every player to fill out a form describing their vision of the game and submitting options for further plots. Get ready for a journey into the unknown! The game supports Xbox gamepad . The game has an autosave system . In the pause menu we can see where you are now and some hints. We thank everyone who helped us. And also the guys who sold us the assets. We thank EpicGames, RBL labs and our parents of course!
Gaze At Maze is a 2D top-down Maze game based on the story of a weird maze world which is full of weird looking creatures, powerful bots guarding the human embryos against intruders. The mission of the player is to find a way out to reach the finish line. Jack, an innocent boy, suddenly found a globe in a garden near his house. When he touched the globe out of curiosity, he found himself in a weird maze world which is full of weird monsters, and robots. He soon came to know that these creatures were created by genetic modification of human embryo. The mastermind behind this Evil scheme is still unknown. Various weird experiments were performed on the human beings who were trapped inside the globe. But, Jack refused to give in. He found a beautiful princess in a punishment chamber who was about to become the victim of genetic modification experiment. Will Jack be able to rescue the princess and those who were trapped in the weird maze world? Key Features: 22 Levels to play. Different kinds of items to collect like yellow, red and blue cubes. Challenging situations and different kinds of enemies, and bots. Hack the security system. Finding Key cards to unlock doors. Explore the Maze world and find a way out. Developer's Note: Being a solo developer, I have worked very hard on every aspect of this game including graphics, art work, programming, level design and so on except the music. I really hope that you enjoy the game. Thank you for your support and encouragement!
Blade Crusade , the mysterious game originally found on Osama Bin Laden's hard drive, is now available in the west for the first time! It is the year of our Lord XX06. Legions of skeletal warriors have risen at the behest of an unlicensed wizard in the Mirabi desert, threatening the civilized world once again. Infiltrate and ascend the wizard's mountain fortress level by level, slay his vile menagerie of minions, and put an end to the dance macabre once and for all! OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS Spikes, saws, lava, automatic crossbows and all sorts of OSHA violations await you, but fear not! Weighty physics, tight controls and time manipulation let you jump, bounce and glide past obstacles with deft precision. HISTORY IS WRITTEN BY THE VICTORS Fight your way through waves of enemies and unique bosses! Use your movement skills to your advantage as you outmaneuver and juggle your foes. Slide, slash, dash and parry your way to victory! ONE DEATH IS A TRAGEDY. A MILLION DEATHS ARE A STATISTIC. A single missed step, mistimed jump or slow reaction can mean the difference between life and death. And rest assured, there will be plenty of death! Death markers will show you where other players have perished; learn from their mistakes, or be doomed to repeat them! TIME IS MONEY Find and perfect the fastest route through each level, making sure to gather every collectible. Race against other players and work your way up the leaderboards!
Morphies Law is a wacky mass stealing, robot morphing 3D shooter with a simple basic law : when you get hit by others, they shrink and you grow . This unique mechanic balances the game by making skilled players become big and easy to hit, whereas beginners shrink until they become difficult targets. Key Features Morphing robots: the Morphies have 8 body parts that grow and shrink individually, the size of each body part has a direct effect on your actions. Plugins for your body: each body part has an unique Plugin that gives the player a powerful ability. Unlock new Plugins to create new strategies. Make your own weapons: you can unlock weapon parts and combine them at will to make the perfect weapon for you! Unique game modes: mass-based game modes with different goals but with one thing in common: size always matters more than kills! Maps with unique features: every map has an unique mass-related feature that'll make it different from the rest! Customize your Morphie: make your Morphie truly unique! Personalize your Morphie with a variety of stock and custom options! Crossplay: full cross-platform compatibility with owners of Morphies Law on Nintendo Switch.
In RE:CALL you play through the memories of the character you're controlling. Your actions inside these flashbacks have immediate consequences in the present moment, letting you take advantage of the situation in order to progress the story. Tackle mind-bending puzzles that rely on altering your own memories to shape the future. Solve mysteries by manipulating your memory. Escape a factory, solve a crime, and win the hearts and minds of your enemies by changing the past. Get immersed in an epic narrative-driven adventure with a diverse cast of characters. Get to know over 10 unique characters, each with their own quirks. Investigate and solve the mystery of your mysterious power. Who is behind this?
Explore the world of Thirty Flights of Loving through a first-person short story. In this sequel to Gravity Bone, take a deep dive with high-flying schemers, lovelorn criminals, and more stray kittens than you can shake a stick at. Saddle up, gunslinger. Featuring an original soundtrack by Chris Remo.
Harts Island is a short narrative walking simulator. Set on the beautiful horrific Harts island where more than one million Americans are buried. Find fragments of how one actor ended up as one of the nameless dead, explore temples and distant planets, piece together a fractured life. Length one hour A narrative driven dark poetic comedy. Credits design and direction ben lunato game design and live performance George Howard Luck Miller as David Stay original soundtrack Nicholas Lowery sound design ScottWaded original soundtrack The Juke Bottle Casino ending song by birdbath 'death machine'
Rumble Fighter is a free-to-play fighting MMO game with real mixed martial arts and fast-paced beat-em-up action! Brawl with your friends and train to become the top Rumble Fighter! Story A long time ago, the Dark Lord broke the peace treaty with the Gods, and commanded his dark forces to conquer the unsuspecting Rumble Fighter world. The vulnerable Rumble Fighter world was almost immediately taken over by the dark forces. When all hope was lost, a miracle happened! Powerful heroes chosen by the Gods arrived to defend against the dark forces. The raging battle between the dark forces and heroes went on for so long that it seemed like it would never end. However, the heroes prevailed and finally sealed the Dark Lord. Peace would finally return to the Rumble Fighter world. However, the great heroes did not have time to enjoy the peace. Dark forces that scattered after the battle are actively attempting to break the seal and rescue the Dark Lord. Thus, the heroes are still out there fighting for the Rumble Fighter world. The heroes united together under an association called 'Guardians.' Every member dedicates each day to training and hunting for dark forces.
MindSeize is a single player 2D Metroidvania game set in a sci-fi universe. Explore untamed planets and stop the mysterious organization that stole the mind of your daughter. You play as the private investigator M.C. Fox , who is chasing a dangerous criminal organization ' The Ascended ' across the universe. The first confrontation between M.C. and the leader of The Ascended severely injured M.C. and left him crippled. They also managed to seize the mind of his daughter Taryn . This left only one choice for our protagonist: hire a crew, connect his consciousness into a robotic body called MAG and continue the chase! Classic 2D-action with a modern twist - Smooth and fast-paced action with beautiful hand-drawn 16-bit pixel graphics, mixed with atmospheric music and hard hitting sound effects Explore mysterious planets - Travel to 4 different and unique planets, unravel their secrets and fight the dangers within. Remember to take a break once in a while on your ship and talk with your crew Upgrade your MAG - Buy and find different mods, weapons and abilities that bring versatility to your MAG's combat capability Delve in to the world of MindSeize - Follow the story written by a professional script writer with comic book style cutscenes, read the log about planets and their fauna, experience the heart-rending twists
Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century. Victoria II is a grand strategy game played during the colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes control of a country, guiding it through industrialisation, political reforms, military conquest, and colonization. Experience an in-depth political simulation where every action you take will have various consequences all over the world. The population will react to your decisions based on their political awareness, social class, as well as their willingness to accept or revolt against their government. Key features: Deep engrossing political simulation with dozens of different governments. Detailed economy with over fifty different types of goods and various production factories. Over 200 different countries can be played, during the era stretching from 1835 to the onset of WWII. Advanced Technological system with thousands of inventions to discover. Improved graphics and interface, as well as multiplayer support. A streamlined interface makes the game easily accessible. Automation of various tasks including, trade and population promotion. Advanced spheres of influences system, where the great powers battle over the control of the world. Cottage production simulating pre-industrial economies. Gunboat Diplomacy, no need for negotiating as a fleet outside a port may be a more persuasive argument. Historical and Dynamic missions guiding your country through the history.
Depression Quest is an interactive fiction game where you play as someone living with depression. You are given a series of everyday life events and have to attempt to manage your illness, relationships, job, and possible treatment. This game aims to show other sufferers of depression that they are not alone in their feelings, and to illustrate to people who may not understand the illness the depths of what it can do to people. Over 40k words of interactive fiction. Playthroughs are short enough to be done in one day, but long enough for the game to have gotten it's point across. About 150 unique encounters. Based on your depression levels, different choices open and close off to you. Content generated based on your decisions. The choices you make have a real effect on how your playthrough turns out. Multiple endings. See how your choices affected the game's world, and how well you've managed your depression. Audio and visuals react to your depression. Listen as the music gets glitchier and see how much stronger the static gets. Watch the color get sucked out of how you see the world.
Those that enter the ROGUELINE never return. Will you be the first? A rapid paced twin stick shooter, with minimalist stylings and slick powers. Trapped within the ROGUELINE, forever locked in a bullet hell ballet with the constructs that populate it. Survive, accrue power and attempt to last long enough to take a shot at escaping your fate. Tons of enemies, powerups and gadgets ensure no two builds will be the same.
The game takes place in the year 3018, after waking up after a cryogenic freeze, the super-soldier Rabbit find himself in a dangerous world full of dangers and deadly traps. Learn the secret origin of the hero explore the world of the game, fight with alien opponents and dangerous robots. In the game you have to look for keys, open doors, use various mechanisms. Robot Rabbit has weapons and is ready to destroy any enemy. Special features Explore locations with a variety of traps. Fight opponents. Open the doors and mechanisms. 6 types of opponents. Two-player mode with 10 challenging levels. Single player mode with 20 levels different from the level of two players. A lot of funny elements and references to popular characters. Support for two gamepads or two keyboards.
Looking for the Oculus Rift version? Wan't to BASE jump on Mac or Linux? Pick up Aaaaa! for the Awesome . BASE jump through a floating city, creating your own stunts to delight your fans. You dive off a skyscraper, relying on quick reflexes to negotiate the intricate tangle of girders that make up the floating city. All eyes are on you as the judges mark your score. One hundred points for hugging those exposed struts as you fall. A thousand for planting a kiss on the side of that building. Twisting and turning, you thread the needle between two billboards, earning cheers from your fans. But while reflexes are important, it's quick thinking that gets you the win. One block away, you spot a crowd of protesters decrying your sport, and make a split second decision. You break off course, stare them straight in the eye, and flip them the finger. They explode into a burst of fury, but the judges absolutely love it, bumping you up to first place. Now all you have to do is to make that landing without ending up a loose sack of broken bones. Features 80 levels take you through cities of floating billboards and buildings, and fly you inches away from the side of a mountain. Unique game mechanics allow you to create your own stunts to score. Give your fans the thumbs-up for points, or annoy protesters with rude gestures. Snag a can of spray paint and tag government buildings for an extra challenge. Special meditation mode helps you relax, with free anti-meditation mode to help you stop relaxing.
An ancient power lies hidden, deep within Coldfire Keep, threatening the peaceful town of Newsettle. Now four friends must take it upon themselves to become heroes, and venture into the depths on a quest to secure their town's future. Coldfire Keep is a traditional, old-school dungeon crawler, lovingly hand-crafted for fans of the genre. Featuring grid-based movement, and active turn-based combat, Coldfire Keep draws inspiration from classic late 80's and early 90's dungeon crawling adventures. Gorgeous 3D environments. A massive dungeon to explore. Monsters, loot, puzzles, and hidden secrets! Multiple control methods.
Bad Sector is a game about immunizing a data storage device while a virus works against you. The virus' abilities expand as you progress, from blindly hopping between nodes to actively following and interfering with your immunization attempts. On top of that, you're working against the clock to reach a minimum immunization percentage before each round ends. Bad Sector: High-Density Disk Edition introduces collectible power-ups, tougher enemies and an endless survival game mode.
Boyandbox is a skill based puzzle platformer where you use a teleporting box to solve problems. The box can be used both as a platform for you to jump off of, as well as a shield to protect you from enemies. The game requires skill and precision. However, most of the levels have multiple solutions and the game always lets you take a step back to figure out the most optimal path. Features Over 50 unique and challenging levels. 6 different areas, each with their own soundtrack. Blue blobs. Red blobs. A boy. A box.
Experience the Reversed escape room You're not escaping the room. Your goal is to venture deeper and deeper into the mansion you were invited to visit. Explore many unique rooms filled with many secrets. Reach the truth and learn what's behind the mysterious letter. Solve Complex Puzzles To reach the next room, you need to use your sharp mind. This African residence is full of complex and challenging puzzles. Are you sure you can solve all of them? Be thorough, be wise, explore. Unravel the mystery Your dearest friend asks for your help in a mysterious and unexpected letter. When you step into the residence, only the silence welcomes you. You sense that something's off. Your goal is to find out what lies behind the strange message from Dr Livingstone. Investigate carefully. Look for every clue, study every object to learn the alternate version of the story of legendary explorers of Africa. Feel the atmosphere of Africa Wander the residence filled with African-inspired art. Touch the world where every texture is hand-painted . Immerse in the story where the soundtrack is inspired entirely by African culture. Feel like a visitor in a mansion that belonged to the legendary adventurer - Dr David Livingstone.
In this free, turn-based, jaywalking puzzler, navigate the dangerous roads of Los Zorangelos while eliminating foes the only way you know how - walking. Jaywalking. Play as Jay, legendary jaywalker, known in all of Calizorania. Many have heard tales of the countless followers he's gained and the heaps of corrupt foes he has slain in his path. In this dystopian world, disobey the world's most sacred law and confront danger as you move from one sidewalk to the next. Jay's Walkin' includes... deep lore fun puzzles adorable hand-drawn characters dramatic cutscenes a consistent source of serotonin copious amounts of mole cops to manslaughter in the second degree Your satisfaction or your money back!
Experience the prologue chapter of A Space For The Unbound This is the prologue chapter and proof of concept of A Space For The Unbound , an upcoming slice-of-life adventure game with beautiful pixel art set in the late 90s rural Indonesia that tells a story about overcoming anxiety, depression, and the relationship between a boy and a girl with supernatural powers. This is the proof of concept prototype expanded from Mojiken Studio's internal game jam session. We are still trying to figure out the full game's experience, so your feedback and review on this Prologue will help us a lot in shaping the final game. Key Features Prologue chapter with 15-20 minutes of play. Throwback to the 90s! Let us take you to Indonesia in the late 90s. Explore rural Indonesia and enjoy its relaxing atmosphere with a hint of supernatural events. Chat and interact with other townfolks and listen to their personal stories. Dive into people's minds Inception-style. Listen to beautiful music composed by Masdito 'Ittou' Bachtiar
Causality is a survival horror game based on tag, the classic game which everyone played as a child. The story of Causality You must rescue 3 students trapped in a school full of mysterious psychic phenomena, and uncover the secrets behind therein. The real story behind the school, and the causal relationship of the events, is all in your hands. Strategic choices The Poltergeist will mess up the blueprints in your head. Survive in these ever-changing, dramatic surroundings, and use them to your advantage to find your way out of this crisis. Journey to the truth behind the scenes Uncover the truth behind this psychic school. Avoid traps, solve puzzles in each room and rescue the trapped students! The ultimate chase! The school is swamped in resentment, full of enemies who are after you. Be aware of enemies with different strategies and behavior patterns to avoid chases, or prevent chases from happening.
'This charming pixel art puzzle game features adorable visuals across 72 puzzles, with each puzzle boasting its own unique logic that will put players' wits to the test. Every puzzle features a new design where players have to get Chloe and Bunny safely to their Targets, and while things may seem simple at first, the game has a wide variety of difficulties that will keep players on their toes at every level.' - PocketGamer Each level looks simple and playful with one motive: to get Chloe and Bunny to their red Targets; but the puzzles in them are unique and have a set of varying difficulties. The puzzles challenge your strategy, sokoban skills, experimenting how mechanical toys work, tactical thinking, improvising and much more. The difficulty increases with the level number and each level comes with 1 hint. Got stuck? Take the hint, find your way to the Target! The game is packed with smooth retro beautiful hand crafted pixel art animations and 72 unique puzzles. It's easy to understand and simple to play, but not so easy to solve. Your puzzle solving skills will be tested and the most important thing you will have the AHA! moment solving when each puzzle. WHAT'S IN THE BOX? All miniatures! Chloe and Bunny, Arvi, Dummy, Buzzer, Kitty and the playful Toys! Explosive bombs, shotguns, flying balloons and much more! DUAL CHARACTER GAMEPLAY Single player, dual character puzzle solving, play with Chloe and Bunny at the same time! BLACK N WHITE MODE AND MUCH MORE FILTERS The beautiful Artwork is even better in black n white mode, forrest neon, 1960s, and more to discover!
Fight through scenarios filled to the brim with monsters, skeletons, and traps. Earn coins to buy power-ups, and collect every Heroes' Trophy to obtain an extra challenge. Face a compelling adventure in a dark-tinted fantasy setting, inspired by timeless classics as Ghosts 'n Goblins and Castlevania! Features: Over 50 action-packed levels! 6 fearsome bosses ready to fight! Two endings to discover! Power up your hero collecting coins! 5 devastating spells to master! Pixel-art graphics in 16-bit style! An epic and dark chiptune soundtrack! Achievements!
Expand and reach for the stars! Float into infinity! Don't crash into walls. Expander is a fast-paced reaction game that challenges you to take risks. Collect precious stars by lifting and stretching your colored block. Shrink it to avoid obstacles. Stay calm and be prepared for mind-boggling twists.
In Mechs V Kaijus you take on the role of the commander of a powerful Mechs squadron. Jump your mechs out of the Defense wall and control them on the battlefield. Strategically place towers and traps on the battlefield in tactical mode to create an impenetrable defense. Use powerful skills and deploy support units and create huge armies with Factories. Unlock upgrades, towers, abilities, mechs, and units, use all available resources to save the civilization of the Kaijus hordes. The Game mixes Mechanics of MOBA games, Base defense and Shot them up like no other game out there. Commanders can build Tanks of Helicopters Factories and deploy Walkers to create epics armies and fight the Kaiju Horde. Episode 2 THE KAIJU WARS: will release the 3rd of April, bringing more epic and never seeing before missions: Offensive Missions Mechs V Kaijus provides an easy to understand but challenging gameplay, a dizzying and highly addictive experience that will make you feel like the underdog. Fans of the Tower Defense genre and fast RTS will find in this game a real challenge in advanced difficulty levels.
Collectible cards come to life in CARDS AND CASTLES ! Collect cards, build decks, and compete against other players in strategic tactical battles . Your cards turn into expressive animated characters when you play them on the game board. Position your pieces carefully and strike when the time is right! Get free cards every day just for logging in! Rank up and earn special rewards by competing against other players. The innovative SUDDEN DEATH mechanic ensures your matches never drag out! Combine up to two factions for unique deck combos. Play as Vikings, Crusaders, Pirates, Warlocks and Ninjas! Collect newly released cards every month! Compete in weekend Draft Tournaments for great prizes! Play on Steam, Mobile or Tablet all with the same account. Cards and Castles is a fully cross platform game!
Your actions have been examined and it has been determined you have violated the nation's laws and contributed to a weakness in security. In order to atone for these crimes and redeem yourself in the eyes of the powers that be, you must track down undesirables, whose existence is incongruent with the priorities the society is founded upon. Unlock and battle bosses as you work to hunt down every enemy on the Watchlist! Leverage the power of 4 different weapon types, which can be upgraded individually and combined with each other in order to create weapons of devastating power! Play cooperatively with your friends! Question your alignment with the priorities of the status quo in this high-intensity retro-styled twin-stick shooter! Featuring: - 9 bosses to unlock and battle! - 4 weapon types to upgrade and experiment combining! - Solo play and up to 4-player local co-op! - Procedurally generated levels for endless replayability! - High score leaderboards to compete in!
Based on the Oscar short-listed Participant Media documentary Zero Days, Scatter's award-winning, immersive documentary Zero Days VR visualizes the story of Stuxnet in a new way: placing you inside the invisible world of computer viruses, experiencing the high stakes of cyber warfare at a human scale. Zero Days VR explores the next chapter of modern warfare through the true story of Stuxnet: the first cyber weapon in the world known to cause real-world physical damage. Audiences experience the invisible world of cyber warfare through the perspective of the virus on a clandestine mission hatched by the US and Israel to sabotage an underground Iranian nuclear facility. Zero Days VR highlights how this digital threat is closer to home than we realize, representing a new chapter in modern warfare.
A Mystery in Deep Space Your mission: join an Alliance surveillance team with Selene, your newly-assigned navigator, to investigate a derelict alien spacecraft. But when you return from the away mission, something is amiss, and it's up to you to figure out why. Along the way, you can interact with Starfighter characters new and old, and maybe attract the attention of your favorite! Explore the Kepler Navigate the difficult politics of the alliance starship Kepler as you explore the beautiful sci-fi backgrounds designed by HamletMachine and the Date Nighto team. Play through all the routes to unlock sexy scenes and bonus art!
This game is currently being remastered after being acquired by Enkidu Publishing - keep an eye on the announcements to see updates and progress. After a biological weapon is used against your country, people have started dying from a strange disease that speeds up the body's decomposition rate. But worse than that, those who die don't always stay dead... You will need to fight to stay alive, ensuring the survival of yourself and others. If killing those who used to be your friends or neighbors is required for that, then that is what you must do. Dead Cubes is an endless, wave-based first person shooter. Each wave increases in difficulty as well as reward, and you can use the money to buy weapons, ammo, and medical supplies. Features Unlimited waves One map 6 different weapons
Welcome to the mysterious world of ancient myth, based on finno-ugric culture of bygone pagan times. Long-long time ago the world was created out of an egg-shell by a god named Yen. In the murky depths of the endless ocean the Lower World was born. The Middle World was made for the men to dwell, and the Upper World was were the ancient gods would reside. Multitudes of spirits dwell among the layers of creation, guarding their secrets in the dark. Embark on a journey through all the worlds of ancient myth, find artefacts of Chud' tribes and solve all the mysteries of finno-ugric tales. You are the Mooseman and you have the ability to see all that is hidden to the mortal eye. You are about to visit three layers of this universe - the first one is the Lower World where the spirits of the dead reside. Explore the worlds inspired by Perm animal style Dive into the deep atmosphere of folk Komi music Meet long forgotten gods and spirits Learn the ancient myths of finno-ugric tribes Don't expect an easy journey, there are riddles in the dark Unlock new abilities and use them to get to the Upper World Find all the artefacts that are hidden from the mortal eye
Last Knight is a unique genre mix that combines platforming, action-packed riding and ragdoll physics driven jousting! It is fast-paced action in a never ending randomly generated Unreal Engine powered fantasy world! The story mode put it's player in control of a squire on its way of becoming a knight. But before he can prove himself, events of epic proportions make him the last hope for the kingdom! On his heroic adventure he will have to fight the horned bucket heads and oversized hungry creatures. He will have to get through a wide range of dangerous environments as well as his own Knightmares. But beside the story there is much more. Various game modes let you adventure through always different never ending generated worlds filled with riches and dangers. On your journeys you will also find quests that will take each of the characters on different missions in the hunt for fame and glory as well as gold and chivalry. Gold can be spent on fancy power ups, while chivalry can unlock world bending mutators and different view modes like the intense first person view. Cutting-edge features like a fully dynamic randomized weather system and a collision system that can alter basically everything of the world geometry make this game even more over the top. Features: A full-fledged adventure in the story mode Randomly generated world in the different endless modes Your own adventure in a generated kingdom in the Rogue Rider Adventure mode Wide range of different fantasy environments Quests and rewards system Beautiful graphics archived with the Unreal Engine Unique Power ups and other special unlock-ables Customization with different characters Dynamic weather system Ragdoll physics feedback Impacts alter and deform the world 3rd Person, First Person and Bird's Eye view modes World Mutators, Body Mutators and randomly generated hats
The Crimson Diamond: Chapter 1 is your introduction to Crimson, Ontario Canada and the mysteries that lie in wait! This is a fully playable chapter that sets the stage for what will follow... The Crimson Diamond is an EGA text parser mystery adventure game where you play as amateur geologist and reluctant detective Nancy Maple. Nancy is born and raised in the Toronto, Canada, where she works as a clerk for the Royal Canadian Museum. She dreams of attending university to study geology and mineralogy, and she's prepared to venture into the unknown to achieve her goals! Follow Nancy as she travels north to the fictional ghost town of Crimson, Ontario to investigate the discovery of a massive diamond in the area. Eavesdrop on conversations to learn more about the eccentric cast of characters who find themselves gathered at Crimson Lodge. Explore the lodge and its environs to evaluate the diamond claim, and maybe solve a mystery or two along the way! The Crimson Diamond is a cozy mystery that encourages reading and engaging in the story over devious arcade challenges.
MoonQuest is a procedurally-generated adventure game. Each game generates a new world to explore with wild forests, giant mountains and ancient ruins. Harvest resources, find treasure, and forge the weapons that will help you on your journey. Every game in MoonQuest features a unique, procedurally-generated world to explore. Each world contains a variety of regions, each with their own resources, wildlife, enemies, merchants, weather, and moon. Delve into the caves below the forest to find rare metal ores, adventure into ancient ruins to discover powerful items, and find the lost cathedral to discover its secrets. The world in MoonQuest is fully destructible, so you'll be chopping through thick vines to gain entrance to lairs and demolishing walls to infiltrate castles and ruins. Some examples of regions you may encounter are: A forest buried in snow, with frozen ponds and wandering bandits; A grand castle atop a mountain, guarded by a silver legion; A labyrinthine ruin preceding a desolate tomb; A rope bridge leading to a deserted beach; A sewer system hiding an ancient rusted machine; A winding system of sugar caves, populated by bats; A cathedral plagued by demons, hidden below an altar; and, A bustling village of craftspeople. There are many playable characters in MoonQuest, many with unique abilities or items. Some characters affect the world that is generated and some characters pursue different quests. Some of the characters available include: Moonman : a cheerful green alien whose smile illuminates the world; Amphibian : a creature from the sea who breathes underwater; Argonax : a powerful wizard who wields a magic wand; Spartan : a warrior equipped with golden armour who must vanquish the undead; Gromlet : a famous actor with something to prove; Elemental : a being who can attune to ore with his powerful antennae; Carl : a stranded astronaut who must avoid the giants and return home; Meteor : an entity of hellfire which burns everything he loves; Hunter : an assassin who must fulfill a deadly contract; and, Many others! There are hundreds of items to discover and craft, including weapons, tools, and armour. These items may be hidden deep within a mountain, in the cellar of a merchant, or locked away in a dungeon. Finding these items will help you not die. In the town you'll find merchants and crafting tools, and by locating the right currency or resources you can buy, forge, cook, or weave many useful items. Some of the items in MoonQuest are: Weapons, such as the Ornate Silver Sword , Polymorph Wand , and Dragon Staff ; Tools, such as the Golden Shovel , Royal Longbroom, and Giant Feather ; Helmets, such as the Bell Helmet , Royal Kabuto , and Plumed Bascinet ; Masks, such as the Skull Mask , Bird Mask , and Salamander Mask ; Armour, such as the Moon Robe , Gloom's Curse , and Sky Raiment ; Shields, such as the Buckler , Glorious Bench , and Guard of the Serpent ; Useful items, such as the Spyglass , Compass , and Map ; Precious resources, such as Iron Ingots , Coins , and Crystals ; and, Accessories, such as the Smorkin' Pipe , Walking Stick , and Round Glasses . The world in MoonQuest is surrounded by a number of strange moons. Each new game uses a randomly generated set of moons, each with subtle influences on the landscape below it. Some of the moons you may encounter are: Giant Moon : a featureless orb which embiggens many things; Treasure Moon : a shining beacon which symbolises great wealth; Water Moon : a beautiful blue sphere which brings relentless rain and flood; and, Frog Moon : a green rock that creates frogs, lots of frogs.
The year is 196X and the Soviets have won the space race. They've set up a research colony on Venus free from the prying eyes of the Americans. However, the Americans were not far behind with their own space program. They send you, Sgt. John Dagger, in a one-man vessel to Venus. Your mission: uncover the Soviet Super-Weapon being created in the Venusian Laboratory. Includes an all-new Hard difficulty mode with faster enemies and altered encounters. Features Fight your way through a variety of enemy types, including Soviet soldiers and Venusian lifeforms. Acquire Soviet weapons technology and use it against them. Betray the Ninja Empire. Travel across multiple environments, from Soviet security stations to dark caves to the lush jungles of Venus. Behold the glory of the lush world of Venus rendered in space-age pixel art.
KIN is a colourful indie platformer, that will awe you with its beautiful otherworldly landscapes and surprise you with its challenging boss fights. Lively colours, intuitive gameplay and interesting level design set the tone for KIN, in which the player moves through the world as a mysterious, tiny girl with a full head of hair clad in a bright dress. Defeating enemies and solving puzzles, she leaps from platform to platform, travelling through different landscapes. The game holds an abstract aesthetic that has become characteristic for House of Secrets, the studio behind KIN, through their earlier VR experiences such as APEX and Surge. KIN supports both the original VR mode from when it was first launched, as well a new camera mode and input system that allows the game to be played as a traditional non VR platformer.
WHAT IS MACHINE HUNT? Machine Hunt is a first person, fast paced, chaotic shooting game that is aiming to bring you the old school fun feeling. Game pits heavily armed players against machines that have only one goal, destroy humanity. SETTING The world of machines is dark, violent and grim. They will not stop until all humans are dead. THE PLOT When an advanced weaponry base goes dark, George Flow is sent in to check things out. When boarded the transport carrier, the mention of advanced weaponry development, brought back flashbacks. Flow remembered the day many years prior, when he was at school. He remembered sitting in the office and staring outside the window for his parents to arrive. He remembered waiting and watching and no one ever showing up. Likely one of the most devastating sights was that of a police car driving up to the school. Its pace was slow. All George remembered was pain. His parents were dead. Gone forever. It felt surreal at the time. His father had been presenting newest and most versatile combat robot to date. The real achievement of Artificial Intelligence. The machines had rebelled during the demonstration. They'd killed everyone. The carrier finally landed. Everything seemed quiet and calm. One thing in particular. No people. FEATURES - 1104 Achievements - CAMPAIGN MODE - SANDBOX MODE MACHINE HUNT is still in development, there are a lot of things we plan to add to enhance a game and give you maximum pleasure and fun.
Sharpen your axe and equip your hammer - Runic Rampage is the brutal action adventure every dwarf has been waiting for. Master fatal combos and unleash powerful spells to defeat hordes of ruthless foes in intense melee combat. Legend says that once a rune stone protected the dwarves, but it disappeared and war destroyed the kingdom. You play Grimbard - last champion of the dwarfs. On your quest to collect the missing rune stone fragments you have to survive the desert, enter dark and mysterious woods, descend to the deepest caves and climb the top of the Frozen Fortress. Uncover the truth about your kingdom's downfall and change the destiny of your nation. Prepare for a fast-paced, yet narrative dungeon brawling experience in a world of thick atmosphere. Game Features Stylized over-the-top violence - execute satisfying fatal combos Ruthless bosses - defeat them with your head and hammer Dynamic enemy damage - dodge their attacks, make them hurt each other and smash them into the ground Fantastic soundtrack and custom-crafted soundscapes - dive deep into the world's atmosphere Procedurally generated level layouts with an adaptive music system - explore and master different battlegrounds every time you play
Collect great memories with this artful game experience. Find and help new friends and yourself. Journey through this beautiful 2D puzzle platformer. Explore a unique and unfamiliar painted world with San.
Pachillinko is a mix of japanese Pachinko and western Plinko style game, set in neon synthwave design with some retro feeling of 80s. Relaxing mouse-only clicking gameplay allows you to sit back and just chill... Game features: - Pachinko game mode - Plinko game mode - Spinning slot wheel for extra cash - Incremental progression - Relaxing synthwave music - Great mix of idle and active gameplay - Neon cyberpunk visuals - Rhytm based special visual effects - Total chill - Total relax
Quanero is an experimental VR experience for the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift . Your goal is to figure out what caused a violent incident in a futuristic bar by manipulating the time. You can slow down time, reverse it or bring it to a halt. Explore the scene, unlock the story's branch points and unravel the mystery. There's also an explosion. Quanero was created with Unreal Engine 4 and can be downloaded for free. Background Information The possibility of experiencing stories in virtual reality offers completely new challenges to the art of storytelling. The traditional work of directing and the function of the cameraman have to be reconsidered completely, as the player is able to choose his point of view and position. We have tackled this challenge in our final bachelor project Quanero and even went one step further: in this experience, we also give the player complete control over the time. Thus, it is possible to move forward and backwards in time, to stop it or to view the action in slowmotion from every perspective in the room. We're offering the player a new and extremely immersive experience. The goal of the experience is to find the source of the devastating chain reaction which climaxes in an explosion. Quanero was developed specifically for HTC Vive. VR technology enables you to feel like you're in this futuristic bar, partaking in a brawl or a drug deal and finding yourself in a spectacular explosion with debris raining down on you. This project was created by students from the University of Applied Sciences Salzburg's MultiMediaArt and MultiMediaTechnology degree program. The content was created with several 3D applications and textured with the help of substance painter and designer. Body and facial expressions were acted out by professional actors and digitized with a motion capture system.
As if awakening from a deep sleep, you find yourself in a strange, contradictory world of ancient ruins and advanced technology. Tasked by your creator with solving a series of increasingly complex puzzles, you must decide whether to have faith or to ask the difficult questions: Who are you? What is your purpose? And what are you going to do about it? Features: Overcome more than 120 immersive puzzles in a stunning world. Divert drones, manipulate laser beams and even replicate time to prove your worth - or to find a way out. Explore a story about humanity, technology and civilization. Uncover clues, devise theories, and make up your own mind. Choose your own path through the game's non-linear world, solving puzzles your way. But remember: choices have consequences and somebody's always watching you.
Walsh Technologies has recently acquired this game. We are planning updates. A roadmap will be available soon. It is the future. Most animals have gone extinct. Those that survive are isolated to man-made biomes. You are a psychopath with a taste for exotic meat. You enter the biomes with guns and an insatiable hunger to kill all that survive. This is an arena shooter. There are 5 different biomes to go crazy in. 1. The Park - Small biome with two parts connected by bridges 2. The Meadow - Large Biome with lots of grass and a hill in the center 3. The Swamp - Creepy Crawlies in a dark valley filled with acid pools 4. The Mountain - Vertical biome with a winding path up a mountain 5. The Pit - Tiny biome with a pool of lava in the center. Weapons: Handgun, Dual Handguns, Shotgun, Dual Shotgun, Machine Gun Animals: Bear, Cat, Horse, Spider, Snake, Crocodile, Gorilla, Deer, Cow, Rabbit, Wolf Massacre all the animals to your heart's delight.
You are a member of an elite mercenary group. A mining colony of critical importance has become under attack by a hostile alien force. Armed to the teeth and equipped with your trusty laser-diggers, you must fight your way to the depths of the planet, find the source of the alien threat and eliminate it. Will you make it out alive? Gerty is a top-down rogue-lite twin-stick shooter with fully destructible environment. Carve your own path through replayable procedurally generated levels and create tactically advantageous situations to eliminate the alien threat in intense, tough but fair, action packed gameplay. Mine Juice crystals to upgrade your gear, discover alien structures, and eliminate the source of the alien threat in singleplayer or local co-op mode. Features: Test your mettle in skill based combat and try to avoid clutches of permanent death. Adjust the level of challenge to your liking with 5 difficulty levels and advanced settings. Choose between 4 different characters all with unique skills and style of play. Further customize your character during your run with perks and purchasable gear. Explore collapsed Juice mines that are teeming with alien life and structures. Interact with abandoned infrastructure, alien runes and altars. Unlock new gear and characters with each tightly packed run. Ramp up the difficulty and brave the dangers once again! If you still aren't convinced, don't listen to me, go watch the trailer, download the demo and see for yourself!
Explore the world of Vector with Pal and join an epic adventure to break the mysterious curse preventing Pal from staying under the light . Pale Night is a styled minimalist 2D adventure with a twist on the classic platformer genre, where your character must avoid light at all cost. During your journey through the Vector world you'll explore sleeping forests, moody caverns, and overcome your fears within the Mount Thunder. The world of Pale Night is filled with hidden secrets and puzzles based on lights and shadows. Collecting all prisms add an extra challenge for players who are willing to conquer it. Use the dash orb and the dig orb to move lightning fast under the shadows, and use the cloud orb to control the shades. Once you've mastered the game, showcase your platforming skills within speedrunning challenges. Key Features Modern 2D platformer feelings with tight controls. Minimalist and polished art-style. Explore the game areas as you gain new movement abilities. Easy to learn, hard to master, rewarding gameplay.
From Ninja Theory, creators of Heavenly Sword and DmC: Devil May Cry comes DEXED, an endless on-rails VR shooter where DEXterity is a must. Target and shoot flurries of enemies with two blasters, one launching ice to destroy fire and the other shooting fire to destroy ice. Journey through beautifully realized worlds and hone your skills in Challenge Mode before taking on the endless battle of Arcade Mode. Gain multipliers by tagging as many enemies as possible before releasing a barrage of missiles and use your shield to defend against incoming attacks. For a more chilled experience, admire and explore the diverse worlds of DEXED free of enemies in Zen Mode. With global and friends leaderboards to top, DEXED is the home of arcade-style shooting in VR. - A unique shooting mechanic that requires two-handed DEXterity - Gain multipliers by correctly tagging as many enemies as possible before releasing a barrage of missiles - Compete on global and friends leaderboards - Push your skills to the limit against a bombardment of enemies in the endless Arcade Mode - Simply sit back and enjoy the lush, colourful environments at your leisure in Zen Mode
Parity Compete with up to 8 players in this arcade multiplayer game! Use skills to get the edge on the opposing team - parry their shots or bamboozle the enemy with a bold spin-shot! You can choose between different stages and game modes and hone your Parity skills in thrilling fast-paced matches. Online Multiplayer While this game is optimized for controllers and local coop, we have recently added the first version of an online multiplayer! The netcode is not perfect yet, but we will make sure to continuously update it. Developers We are a group of avid local-coop gamers who decided to develop the video game we always wanted to play. Originally developed during a 48 hours game-jam, we decided to take the idea a step further and share our game with all the multiplayer-gamers out there! We hope you have as much fun with it as we do. Don't hesitate to give us feedback!
Story Line A Shawn Story follows a regular morning in the life of Shawn, a 20-year-old office worker. Shawn is late for work, again! Enter the narrator, a sarcastic British man who tries to lead Shawn's life by taking several important decisions. The narrator will decide Shawn's best, or worst, options. Create your own story in this comical game. Gameplay A Shawn Story is a game that keeps you excited. With 16 different endings make it possible to give you an unique experience on the game. We've decided to use a pixelart style to keep the graphics simple but good looking and we used professional Voice Actors to tell the story of our game. This game will keep you coming back for more, and all that just for a single dollar!
Couplinked is an unforgiving open source action-arcade game with a unique control system. Control two different nodes at the same time--all while trying to collect rings and avoid obstacles. Now, the keyword there is 'trying'. Did we mention that it's difficult? Couplinked is DIFFICULT. Oh, and the nodes are connected by lightning. But don't worry! With two gameplay modes, a custom level editor, and over fifty handcrafted campaign levels, your tears of frustration will soon be washed away by the pure joy of knowing that everyone else sucks too. That's right. You're not alone, champ. We're here for you. We're building a community, thriving off the tears of others. Through the good and the bad, the thick and the thin, rest assured. You'll probably only be crying for the first day or so. It'll get better. You know Couplinked will treat you right. Awwww yeahhhhh.
Build your party and venture forth to discover the secrets behind long abandoned, ancient cities; and decide where your own morality ultimately lies in this turn-based action strategy game. Choose a Seeker and Build Your Party Will you play as honourable Kai, the sceptical hunter Reina, confident Iris, gentle and selfless Momoko or Raul who favours fists over wits? It is on you to choose a Seeker to lead your party and assemble a team of characters all representing traditional RPG classes. As Ranger, Warrior, Mage, Brawler and Priest from both sides of the war work together and war continues to split the land, will camaraderie conquer all or will personal views rip your team apart. Make Each Fight Your Own Create your party from five different classes and dozens of playable characters each featuring their own upgrades and levelling trees. By combining hundreds of unique skills, you can ensure victory and due to the unique nature of your party members, you will never have to fight the same battle twice. Plan Your Strategy Combine abilities to create powerful combos against your foes or to negate the deadliest attacks. Try combining burn, freeze, stun, cripple and more to obtain your goals, and work with retaliation, redirects, immunities and more to halt the death of your heroes. You Decide Estera's Fate Decide your fate with a deep branching narrative and choice-driven decisions. Your actions may lead to an outcome which the world of Estera may not deserve. Should your party feature characters from all sides of the war, opinions may clash and it may not always be for the better ... The World is Yours to Discover Estera, a once proud and thriving world, now torn apart by war between its two large city-states: Tirig, the largest military in the land who praise the Gods, and the city state Helmgar, home to the Godless heretics to the north. Explore this stunning world and breathe in the beautiful hand illustrated locations. Venture deep into murky dangerous woods, roam vibrant busy towns and ransack long forgotten tombs, from the dizzying heights of Tower of The Ancients to the harsh lands of Arralash.
Game setting The Hive is an RTS RPG single player game where you assume control of insectoid hive mind, and explore the vast underworld on your journey to the surface. The emphasis of the game is in exploration, discovery and story telling via the RTS style game play. Features Assume control as the Insectoid Hive mind. Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined underworld riddled with dangers and lost civilizations Build your own underground nest and forces to defeat massive ancient creatures Defeat enemies and dissolve their DNA to unlock new units and abilities Equip your creatures with relics scavenged from the ruins of long lost civilizations Experience an epic story that spans across the vast underworld of New Eden Strategize your way to victory across 10 different levels and an estimated 10-12 hours of gameplay The calming serenity of the blooming springs, the aggressive heat of volcanoes and the ruins holding a story of a sad history make up the world of Hive.
Think you can end the Kozanese Civil War? Now's your chance to play this entry-level danmaku game. One's green, one's blue, they're gonna hit you in the head! This is Chuhou Joutai , a shooter game like no other. The country of Kozan has entered a period of civil war against a left-wing extremist group called SPASDOT. Taking the role as The Real Driller or Princess Kagami, your mission is to find and defeat SPASDOT's leader in order to shut them down for good. But it's not gonna be easy - dangerous bullet patterns lie ahead of you! Chuhou Joutai takes you through eight treacherous stages in the capital city of Kozankyo filled with opponents that will throw colorful attack patterns which you'll need lightning-fast reflexes to get through. You can focus your attacks to get through tight spaces and if you're in a tight pinch, you can throw a bomb to clear the screen! Hair-pin curves and dare-devil turns - you're gonna need to make these to survive. Think you're up to it? Now get out there and show SPASDOT what you're made of! Features Retro-style graphics influenced by the golden era of arcade games Amazing two-player mode Simplified gameplay for newcomers More than a dozen fun characters you can connect with
Game producer Nekki, creator of hits like Shadow Fight 2 and Vector, presents you Beat Da Beat - a nail-biting action game to the rhythms of Dubstep tracks! Everything that happens on the screen - movement, actions, shootings - are based on the musical composition. Can you imagine anything more awesome than dodging a rain of enemy bullets to a mighty Dubstep beat, turning the alien enemies into atoms, while dancing happily to this? What? Punching the bad guy's face in close combat? No problem! Wow, slow down! You wanna fight already? Wait. You didn't think that we will let you go with this metallic lemon? You have 10 unique spaceships at your service, with each an individual ability. For some to unlock, you have to sweat pretty much - but it's totally worth it! Besides this, if you're attached to your old ship already, you can upgrade it to turn it into a real machine of vengeance. So far, we have: - A deep written love-story, which will make you cry - Pixelart style. You don't see this around often! - Unbelievable musical levels - 4 difficulty modes - Great bosses - Awesome music from awesome musicians - A dancing guy in the corner. Wow! Seriously? You have read until the end and haven't started playing yet? So what if I tell you there are explosions? Lot's of explosions!
Deliver your payload from point A to point B with only a few simple tools and the laws of physics. Create ramps and catapults, watch objects tumble and fall, and someway... somehow reach the destination. Each project is a hand-drawn puzzle for you to interact with -- Devise a plan, experiment, and make it happen! TransPlan features dozens of projects to explore, starting simple and growing ever more complex. Unlock later puzzles and categories by completing earlier ones, and finish projects on-budget to earn hints to help you later on. TransPlan fully supports achievements and cloud saves so your progress will stay with you anywhere!
Walstiki The best stupid game of the century Walstiksi is a new game where you go through multiple very hard level to find and achieve the donut. Some might say that Walstikski is the hardest game they have ever played. Throughout the game you have many different parkour levels, ranging from fun and very hard droppers, to fun and very hard normal parkour. The game will be updated soon to having a multiplayer, more levels added, and a story mode. Do You Think You Can Beat The Game..... Cause I don't.
Do you know who was the first woman to go to space? What about the first animal? Don't panic! Laika will guide you through these discoveries and many more! Kosmo Laika: Guide to Space is a puzzle game of curiosities about space. You will be challenged to test your knowledge, combine exclusive patches to find the first visionaries in space, meet the 'animalnauts' and conquerors of the Moon. In this game, Laika will be your guide, taking you into space and beyond, like you never imagined. Featuring: 70 different patches to combine and discover historical facts and important moments of the space missions; Complete over 25 moments of the space race; Drag and drop the patches in the right places and complete the mission; Earn exclusive stamps; Increase your knowledge of the history of astronomy; Learn all about space heroes; Meet the first animalnauts of the missions. Great soundtrack. Original sound effects designed exclusively for the best experience. Test your knowledge of space exploration and the achievements that are part of the history of the world, with the help of Laika, the first space astronaut puppy. For all lovers of trivia and puzzle games and who admire the stars!
The gates to another world will open soon! You can stop the impending disaster, but to do so at all costs to return the stolen stamps! Vanessa is the only heiress of Abraham Van Helsinga, a member of the secret order of light guarding the peace of our world. And now it has to find a stolen the runes that were sealed the gate, behind which lurks an ancient evil. Vanessa comes to Italy at the invitation of Archbishop Benedict, also comprised in the order of light. Using clues left by his grandfather, she can open the doors to other worlds and times where it will have to seek the powerful printing. In addition, Vanessa learns how to relate this story with her mysterious visions and the ghost of a mysterious a hunchback. Key features 60 locations 45 mini-games 26 HOG scenes 42 cinematics More than 200 objects to use!
140 is a challenging minimalistic platformer with abstract colorful graphics. Rhythmic awareness is required to overcome obstacles controlled by an energetic, yet melancholic electronic soundtrack. The game is independently designed by Jeppe Carlsen, former lead gameplay designer at Playdead. Awards
A game inspired by classic Magic Carpet, with modern graphics and features. You play as a sorcerer, exploring mysterious worlds, changing them, discovering ancient secrets, creating new spells, fighting creatures and other mages, building and destroying as you please.
ARCADE RHYTHM ACTION: Play your way! The game supports 9-key, 5-key, 4-key play, and even more! Play with a gamepad, keyboard, or arcade-style controllers. Play 28 increasingly twisty tracks with 5 difficulties each, offering something for everybody from casual to insane. Challenge your friends in split screen mode. UNIQUE RACING MODE: Hit notes to build up speed and power, then use special abilities to speed past the competition. STORY CAMPAIGN: Follow Elijah Gale through 28 missions, with three difficulties. Elijah is a down-on-his-luck engineer who accidentally finds a lucrative new career as a 'daemon.' Discover a world where megacorporations have found a new use for human minds; doing their digital bidding in The Sequence, where speed is the only thing that matters. Earn credits and upgrade Elijah's rig. SEQUENCE STORM is free-to-play! Here's what you get for free: - 28 tracks to play in the arcade - 28 story missions - Test your skills in 10 Trial Sequences - Arcade leaderboards - Track editor - Steam workshop Check out the DLC for extra tracks, missions, and customizations!
Phasmophobia is a 4 player online co-op psychological horror where you and your team members of paranormal investigators will enter haunted locations filled with paranormal activity and gather as much evidence of the paranormal as you can. You will use your ghost hunting equipment to search for and record evidence of whatever ghost is haunting the location to sell onto a ghost removal team. You can choose to support your team by monitoring the location with CCTV cameras and motion sensors from the safety of the truck or head inside and get your hands dirty with the ghostly activity that will get increasingly hostile as time goes on. Immersive Experience: Realistic graphics and sounds as well as having minimal user interfaces will ensure a totally immersive experience that will keep you on your toes. Cross platform: Phasmophobia supports all players whether they have VR or not so can enjoy the game with your VR and non VR friends. Co-op multiplayer: Play alongside your friends with up to 4 players in this co-op horror where teamwork is key to your success. Unique Ghosts: Over 10 different types of Ghosts all with unique traits meaning each investigation will be different. Investigate: Use well known ghost hunting equipment such as EMF Readers, Spirit Boxes, Thermometers and Night Vision Cameras to find clues and gather as much paranormal evidence as you can. Full Voice Recognition: The Ghosts are listening! Use your actual voice to interact with the Ghosts through Ouija Boards and EVP Sessions using a Spirit Box.
Button Frenzy is a fast-paced score-attack game that will challenge your memory and reflexes. The task is simple; clear the endless waves of buttons by hitting the matching buttons on your controller. It's Simon Says meets Dance Dance Revolution . The game is all about testing your mastery of the gamepad. It's simple enough to pick up and play, but deviously difficult enough to keep you challenged for hours. Key Features Challenging, Fast and Fun Gameplay. Four difficulty settings to cover a range of skill levels. Two uniquely challenging game modes. Test your reflexes in the fast-paced Frenzy mode, or your memory in Recall Mode. Online Leaderboards - Chase high scores against your friends, or the rest of the world Over 20 Steam Achievements
Climb in and help Pajama Sam control the Sock-O-Matic Mark III, the sock-sorting dream machine the makes chores fun! Concentration is the key as Sam tries to control that crazy contraption. Chutes, pushers, slides, and swing arms are just a few of the gadgets you'll need to guide Sam's socks into the baskets. The Sock-O-Matic even has a Custom Level Builder that allows kids to create their own puzzling levels! Challenging, arcade-style games for children of all ages. Brand new action with all the quality you'd expect from Humongous Entertainment. Save your game after each level and track the progress of up to 75 players. Junior Arcade games are jam packed with fast-and-furious game-play that satisfies kids' hunger for action and surprises! Starring lovable characters and the high-quality, hand-drawn animation that families have come to expect from Humongous Entertainment, this series will provide hours of action and fun for your children. This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2. For more information, please visit - The GNU GPL can be viewed here - -2.0.html
Building Block Heroes: Rush Edition is a faster-paced stand-alone expansion for Building Block Heroes, made for those who enjoyed the core mechanics of the original but did not want to commit to a longer gameplay experience. Building Block Heroes is a puzzle block platformer in which you use coloured blocks to build pathways around each level to free the Jollyfolk from their cages. Simultaneously control both building blocks and heroes, with a friend or by yourself, in this colourful romp through a cartoony and exotic hand-painted world. Explore different lands and make use of special powers as you construct the means to save the Jollyfolk! A True Puzzle Platformer Game Use falling blocks to build your own platforms and pathways around over 100 levels! Build your own stairways and bridges to navigate around obstacles and pits! Each area in the game introduces a new challenge - from moving platforms to irresistible ocean currents that sweep you away, no two areas are alike! Compete for higher scores and beat your own personal records! Characters Four unique characters, each with their own unique abilities! Destroy blocks to build up your power meter. Dash across gaps as Heatwave, conjure blocks of ice as Ice Queen, soar through the air as Airhead, or smash through blocks as Dirtbag!
Elli is a psuedo-isometric 3D puzzle-platformer. Journey through a varied and whimsical world solving a variety of puzzles, avoiding pitfalls and meeting a cast of characters, explore to find hidden items to switch up your appearance, all while chasing down the mysterious Ghasti!
WARNING: Fear the Dark Unknown James is the James's campaign included in the original Fear the Dark Unknown game. If you own Fear the Dark Unknown you don't need Fear the Dark Unknown James. 'It is said that our worst fears come from within. But... What if there were a greater fear than we are capable of conceiving? What if that terror were much closer than we think? Suffering is the only way. Fear is a necessary evil.' What kind of curse does the Beresford mansion keep inside? For 200 years its inhabitants have suffered the consequences of an unknown shadow, a dark being who walks among us, and whose existence extends beyond what we imagine. Now James will face the ultimate test of her live. He will know the true horror. The suffering of a father. The clock is ticking and the survival game can no longer be stopped. GAMEPLAY Fear the Dark Unknown transports you to the great survival horror classics of the 90's. Fixed camera system that enhances the feeling of being immense in a true horror movie. Face a multitude of challenges, certain deaths and enemies of various kinds that will force you not to waste a bullet. Face them, hide or even flee from them. All mixed with a wealth of puzzles , integrated into the story, which will allow you to learn more details of the Beresford mansion and the Dark Unknown. KEY FEATURES Enjoy more than 15 hours playing. Four difficulty levels for combat , from those who want a ride to those who enjoy suffering with each combat. Choose between your four weapons and don't waste a bullet. Survival is your main goal, and it's not easy. Thoroughly examine every room. You never know where you are going to find that object that will give you the key to continue your adventure. Discover the Beresford mansion and its inhabitants throughout its 200 years of life. You can visit it at different times , and remember that to find out all its secrets is to know yourself.
Relaxing physics puzzle game with minimalist design. The system of bars should remain in balance. Find and remove unnecessary bars. But be careful - it's not as easy as it sounds! Key Features: Unique physics puzzle game. 50 levels with different colour schemes. Relaxing visual and sound atmosphere. No stories, just puzzles and lots of bars!
Balance your chakras. Choose one of the 7 chakras and follow the screen to balance and make the adjustments within yourself. Also you learn to control your mind and move it in many clear directions. Can be done with the guided yoga and simple tai chi, and chi gong, or just sitting down. Feels really good and calming.
Nuclear Throne is a post-apocalyptic roguelike-like top-down shooter. Not 'the final hope of humanity' post-apocalyptic, but 'humanity is extinct and mutants and monsters now roam the world' post-apocalyptic. Fight your way through the wastelands with powerful weaponry, collecting radiation to mutate some new limbs and abilities. All these things and more you could do if only you were good at this game. Can you reach the Nuclear Throne?
Dracula Frames is a slide puzzle game that uses the basis of Dracula's story as motivation. Dracula's castle consists of 8 floors. Each floor has a large picture with a magnificent painting representing landmarks of Dracula's life. Your goal is to rebuild each painting through a sliding puzzle and get to the top floor! The paintings are cut and shuffled in the jigsaw style, leaving the player to reposition the pieces. The castle keeps secrets Discover hidden items. Explore and discover secrets!
Welcome to Poly Towns! Casual town builder that takes place on floating islands in a fantasy world. Grow your town and manage your resources in this challenging builder. Let's Manage! Build a tiny village to get started, assign villagers to jobs and let them work! Tax, building upkeep and food consumption are updated every 10 seconds. Expand your town into new zones, as well as upgrading existing buildings. Once you are happy with your town, you can choose to start a new one or sit back and relax while your existing town thrives. What's the challenge? Be warned, the game can be unforgiving. If your villagers lose all happiness, it's game over. If you have no money and a negative balance you can no longer buy anything, it's game over.
Griftlands is a deck-building rogue-like where you fight and negotiate your way through a broken-down sci-fi world. Every decision is important, be it the jobs you take, the friends you make, or the cards you collect. Death comes quickly, but each play offers new situations and strategies to explore. Play as Sal, Rook, or Smith. Three unique character campaigns with their own specialized decks, abilities and maps to explore. Sal is an adventurer out for profit and revenge. Rook is an aging spy working his own agenda. Smith is an idle loafer who might just save the world. Each playable character's story takes place in a unique environment, with different factions and locations to explore and exploit. Battle Challenging Bosses Test your combat decks against powerful foes with unique mechanics and attacks. Build a Team - or Buy One! Hire mercenaries, find pets, or impose upon your friends to accomplish your goals. Master Hundreds of Cards Each character has unique negotiation and combat decks to draft from. Get powerful item cards from fallen foes, or as rewards. Decisions Matter Killing foes may incur the wrath of their friends, but sparing them leaves a dangerous piece on the board. Choose wisely, everyone remembers everything you do! Welcome to Havaria Each playable character's story takes place in a unique environment, with different factions and locations to explore and exploit. Explore A Broken-Down Sci-Fi World The world of Havaria is a harsh place, full of harsher denizens. Explore lush, hand-illustrated environments full of people who want to kill you. Playing Politics For Keeps Each character has a factional allegiance and an opinion of you. Play politics between rivals, and try to capture the most powerful social boons. But watch out -- doublecross the wrong person, and you'll be subject to their bane! Outwit or Overpower Overcome obstacles with the power of your fists - or your words. You'll need to pick your cards and play them right if you're going to survive. Build two decks simultaneously, balancing the tradeoffs of each. Learn from each attempted run through the various stories of the Griftlands. Encounter different combinations of enemies, quests, and events every time you play. Your fate is determined by your choices, and by fate.
The Lost City of Malathedra is a graphic adventure game heavily inspired by classics such as The Fate Of Atlantis, The Dig, and the Kings Quest series. It is built on EDI's in house engine specifically designed to create games that take advantage of the latest 3D hardware capabilities while retaining a nostalgic feel and supporting modest system specs. Malathedra's advanced engine and classic focus appeals to both modern and retro adventure fans.
TinShift is a dynamic first-person shooter arena. We inspired by Quake, UT and Titanfall. It's based on plausible shooting, wall running and sweaty armpits. 10 types of weapons are available. Some are classic, others will have to be used wisely and according to the situation. 1 map for 20 players with palm trees and vertical gameplay. You can climb anywhere. The second class is robots. It's for those who are tired of running around and just want to blow everything around. Return in time is a thing. Due to the excessive dynamics, it is often not possible to immediately respond to a surprise attack or a stray sniper bullet. We understand this and therefore everyone has a second chance - to change the course of events with a rollback 10 seconds back. Chance recharges when you successfully kill an enemy. And for dessert: NOT BATTLE ROYAL. Unexpected, right? We ourselves are tired of crawling across the field for 40 minutes until a bush kills you. We invite you to take part in the Leadership Race. Every man for himself from the start, but to win you become ALONE against EVERYBODY. There is no need to wait for a new match. Dropping by into the server in the middle of the game, you are in the same conditions as the experienced players. After finish, the match will restart automatically. It's non-stop. We play together with you! We are constantly in touch with the players on Discord and make a dream game together.
The Tradition of Civilization Continues The New World lies before you with all its peril, promise and infinite possibility. Your colonists anxiously follow you to shore. The treasures of an entire continent await you. Finally, the much-anticipated follow-up to Civilization is here! Sid Meier's Colonization takes you into the Colonial Era to discover, explore and colonize vast territories that promise both danger and reward. Play one of four colonial powers as you set sail to discover the New World. Explore new lands and strategically plant your first colony. Direct its growth, manage its resources and establish lucrative trade routes. Balance economics, political and military strategy to create your own powerful nation. But beware of your enemies! Angry natives and rival powers can encroach upon your territory. You'll have to overcome your foes with superior military strategy and wily diplomacy. Only then can you launch your revolution and declare your independence. Colonization, The newest strategy game from Sid Meier continues the great tradition of Civilization. Manage your growth, development and trade to create a powerful nation. Pit your strategic skills against Colonization's advanced artificial intelligence. Play either the French, English, Dutch or Spanish colonial powers each with distinct characteristics and political situations. Customize your games and choose your own level of difficulty so you never play the same game twice. Discover and explore the Americas or create your own scenario with a random map generator Same design principles and interface as award-winning Civilization, making game play easy and fun. Bonus soundtrack included!
Foxy wants to be rich but hates work. She continually thought about how to make money easily, quickly and without much effort. To do this, she needed to focus on a plan and put it into action. While thinking she heard a rooster crowing on a distant farm, and a small idea started to form in her head ... - Use your stealth and don't get caught. - Steal all the chickens and leave without being seen.
Your Majesty! Welcome to your domain! Blending together traditional RPG systems, tycoon mechanics, and a fantasy overworld. You will manage a team of Heroes, Crafters and Own Castle. Heroes are sent out on quests in order to fight enemies and gather materials. Crafters then use those materials to create weapons and armor. Castle can be upgraded to serve as training grounds or party organizer for your heroes. After crafting your new shiny items - they can be sold or bestowed to your favorite heroes. Royal Merchant featuring: - Send Heroes out on epic adventures! - Order Crafters to create gear! - Earn gold and dictate the direction of your economy! - Grow your inventory and profit from your trade empire! - Over 100 pixel-art heroes and enemies! Do Conquest: - Choose your cast of characters from multiple Hero classes! - Ride out to battle to bring back items and loot! - Customize your champions with weapons and armor! - Band together to raid powerful bosses as a party! - Better performance leads to greater rewards! Craft Epic items: - Utilize the unique Crafters to create items and gear to use and sell! - Train the Crafters to create better items, allowing them to master their trade! - Ensure the victory of your Heroes by outfitting them with superior items! Upgrade your Castle: - Build new rooms to train your heroes; - Set up Library to empower spellcasters under your command; - Organize your solo heroes to parties - as a party would die less and bring more loot! Get it on Steam - to sign an alliance with Dwarfs! - Find and establish a Mine - 6 new dwarf heroes to hire - Extra tavern slot dedicated to Dwarfs only
The Kingdom of Oukoku is threatened by the spicy influence of General Tso. Citizens have placed their hope in a small knight who fits the requirements of ancient legends. Which path will the Chibi Knight choose... the path to the mysterious Island of Mahou to learn spells from its sorcerers or the path to the Beastmaster mountains to summon and ride an array of ferocious animals? Your choice will determine Oukoku's fate! Super Chibi Knight is an action adventure platformer with RPG elements. It was made by 33 year-old Dad and 8-year-old Daughter team PestoForce. The cute and colorful art and animation brings to life a rich world with a deep history and many secrets. Your in-game choices will determine your specialty, Sorcerer or Beastmaster, each affecting the course of the game. Do you have what it takes to reach the dastardly General Tso and stop him from taking over the world?
Slap Village is a point and click adventure game inspired by the classics of this genre merging the topics of the Wild West with nowadays concepts. The story, which is starred by the young town girl Lurditas, is set in an anachronistic universe with scenarios and characters typically from that historical period, yet blended with technologies and characteristics of the modern life. Resolve mysteries Contact with aliens, revelation of conspiracies, or shamanic practices are just some of the mysteries with which Lurditas will be confronted during her long journey. Discover all the hidden secrets in this paranormal Western. Uncover this Wild and Modern West A young girl by herself against the Wild West that challenges her bravery and her skills. A world filled with eccentric characters and completely different settings such as a Native American town of film-makers, a steam locomotive with WIFI or a karaoke Saloon. These summer holidays have turned into a defiance that will determine the evolution of humanity. Main characteristics Graphic adventure game packed with humour and features that resemble to the classics of this genre. Carefully and entirely handmade Cartoon art style, with eccentric characters and vivid colours. Exploration, multitude of dialogues and demanding jigsaw puzzles. A unique world and completely original. Entertaining minigames that will be unblocked as the adventure goes on.
A thrilling sci-fi story. The Albatross spaceship has been taken over by unknown alien lizards. But no monster can escape the unwavering hand of Captain Laser! Over 30 different missions 8 unique heroes Control multiple heroes at the same time Save passengers and discover the secret of the monsters' sudden appearance
Hitbox centers around fast, slick shooting. With all unnecessary distractions removed, we've focused on the core gameplay of moving and shooting. Position yourself nicely, practice your aim, and improve your reflexes to excel. A friendly and inviting style makes it approachable and easy to learn but experienced players will find it hard to master. Our stylish and colourful graphics help ensure the game runs smoothly on many different computers so your experience never drops frames and the gameplay stays on top. With online, local and split screen multiplayer we've made sure you can play with whoever you want. When you need a bit of practice before going against real players we have bots to fill games with so you can hone your skills or just get a feel for a new map. Four different classes distill different play styles of the game. You can be a careful sharpshooter, or a mad gunman running around and confusing the enemy. Each class wants to counter another and choosing the right class will always give you an upper hand in a fight. The Tactician can blow your enemies away with his shotgun, while the fast firing Flanker than can get up close and personal and unload lots of bullets. The Marksman is the man of accuracy, a tough class to play but can deal devastating amount of damage. The Trooper is the jack of all trades, able to fit into many situations, but might not be ideal when pressured. Competitive movement based twitch shooting Comedic and stylized graphics powered by Unreal 4 10 Unique dynamic maps 4 Game Modes Online, LAN or split screen multiplayer along with complex AI to compete with! Four classes representing different possible play styles
Drox Operative is a starship action RPG with warring alien races, fierce space battles, a dynamic, evolving galaxy, and co-op multiplayer for Windows and Mac. Eons ago the Drox ruled the galaxy through their mighty Operatives. These elite starship captains were trained to accomplish the impossible at whatever cost necessary. Whether employing stealth or brute force, they were always deadly. Using these Operatives, the Drox built a starlane system for quick travel amongst the stars, colonized and conquered millions of planets, and ruled the galaxy with an iron grip for over 100,000 years. Eventually realizing their Operatives were a threat, they attempted to assassinate all of them. They failed. The following Galactic Civil War was devastating. Thousands of years later, the Drox are extinct, but the secretive Drox Operative guild lives on. They have learned their lesson though: loyalty to any one race is foolish. They now work for whoever can pay. And pay they do! Empires might span hundreds of planets and thousands of ships, but when a critical task arises, they still turn to an Operative. In the new space race, the major races are scouting, colonizing, and expanding, trying to take over the galaxy by diplomacy, technology, war, or any other means their scheming minds can contemplate. As a Drox Operative it's NOT your job to manage all of those annoying people, build thousands of buildings, play nice with your enemies, or balance the budget. It IS your job to pick the winning side and maybe even help them conquer the galaxy if you're being nice, more importantly though is to rake in as many credits as possible, well that and build the coolest, deadliest ship in the known universe. Not many screw with an Operative captaining a Dreadnaught! Explore a dynamic and evolving galaxy Explore a unique sector of the galaxy in every game, with different 'monsters', ship components, quests, and even races Fight in the galactic war between the various alien races Battle hundreds of different enemy starships Build the coolest and deadliest starship in the galaxy Outfit your ship with thousands of components and crew Adventure with your friends with co-op multiplayer
'Ballads of Hongye' is a city building game that combines innovative gameplay with construction strategy to showcase the art of ancient eastern architecture. Hongye has been long ignored by the Emperor and you have been tasked to revive it! Securing profit and stable growth is key to reviving Hongye. Every choice you make will contribute to your destiny as well as the land you rule. A small, split-second decision may result in a completely unanticipated event. You have to tend to council's requests, manage your advisers, lead your people and continuously nurture and utilize your lands to prosper while fight against the natural and urban disasters. Take advantage of industrial chains, use your advisers, decide on your investments and build your way to victory. Keep your people happy, your treasury full and your cities secure, because evaluation council will surely grade you for everything you do! But as you develop Hongye, you may notice there is a force working against you and everything is not what it seems to be. You may take a deep dive into the conspiracy and find the truth, for yourself and your people. What will you sacrifice to revive Hongye? Will you be a fearsome leader or respected through love and admiration? The choice and the stage is yours! Earning the right to rule is hard. From valleys and mountains to the desert, different lands demand different approaches. Attributes of the land impacts production, security and commerce provides a unique playing field and experience for each challenge. Cleverly designed challenges around the unique aspects of the land also greatly differ from each other. For example, some lands are abundant in minerals, but soil is barren, limiting food production. Some lands are receiving refugees while others are the frontline of the war. Prepare your resources and gold, and take the challenge on! Only constants in Hongye are you and the land itself. Production yields are different for each season, so when choosing a building plan which determines your agricultural and industrial outputs during the challenges, you should plan ahead. Hone your advisers to provide additional plans for you and, if you can successfully face the challenge, you get to keep some of your blueprints to use them at other sites in Hongye. Four seasons bring different environmental conditions, changes the landscape and potentially can cause natural disasters. Pests, droughts, famines, fires, floods, anything can wipe out your hard work unless you take precautions. Hone your security infrastructure and fight back against disasters. Be the shield your people need you to be and avoid catastrophe. Management and leadership skills. Managing a big land is not an easy task if you are alone. Recruit advisers, help them hone their skills, and attend to their needs. In return, they will help you with management, planning, and expenses. Be aware though, since other counties are also desperate for good advisers, therefore they may try to poach your advisers from you by offering a higher salary or other promises. Retain your roster by openly negotiating for it, making deals or winning salary-bidding competitions. Plan your progress with Talent tree and unlock new talents as you develop yourself as the Magistrate. Talents will assist you with disaster and adviser management and ensure the stable development of the towns. Unlock markets, workshops, banks and other special buildings to ensure Hongye's revival. The building of the world's unparalleled Wonders not only represents the highest level of architectural skills, but also is the best proof of your city's prosperity. As the town grows, so will the story behind it; Why was Hongye chosen? Who created the successive accidents? And who keeps blocking your plans for urban restoration?
Become the Overseer! Dungeon Overseer is a colony simulator with a focus on base building and resource management. Dungeon Overseer looks to combine the fun elements of games like Dungeon Overlord and Fallout Shelter. Don the crown and pursue glory by building a unique dungeon layout, constructing your lair, upgrading and expanding your creation, questing, crafting, researching, recruiting, defending your base, and raiding. Build a resource production pool that will sustain your minion army. Level up your rooms and your minions. Become the Overseer and let everyone witness your true power! FEATURES Build Your Lair Construct your dungeon with a multi tier tile system. All construction is based on your tile layouts so you can shape your dungeon the way you want. Certain minions hang out in certain rooms so designing your layout can assist with defense. Design the perfect dungeon layout with the tile foundation system Construct 10 different unique room types Upgrade and expand each room type 4 times with special bonuses each tier Purchase add ons for each room type to further add bonuses and unlock special features Recruit Recruit from a variety of minions each with a specific benefit and purpose. Level them up and increase not only their power but the rewards they can earn while raiding. Higher tier minions can collect higher tier resources. Construct your lair, library, and temple rooms to unlock new minions Higher tier minions collect rarer resources while raiding Level up your recruits to increase their power and their raiding results Quest Detailed quests will help guide you through each part of becoming The Overseer. Continue to advance and unlock new quests that will assist in the construction and recruitment of your minions. Learn the ropes while collecting rewards Complete over 50 initial current quests The current quest line will have your dungeon up and running in no time Raid While in base your minions gain experience but the best experience is while they are sent out into the world on raids. Monitor their progress, revive, level up, and order them to return home through the minion raid screen. Demand obedience and send minions on raids via the Overseers Roster Each minion collects experience, resources, and a tier specific rare while raiding Monitor each minions progress via the Overseers Raid screen and level them up, revive them, and order their return to collect spoils Defend The elemental golems that protect the mountain haven't taken kindly to your constant construction inside their home. Defend your base from invasions by designing a well laid out base and hiring the proper minions to defend against each incursion. While you maybe the Overseer your new mountain home is plagued by Golems who dislike your industrious efforts Construct a solid base layout to protect your troops from the golems Hire minions to fight off the golem armies. Collect rewards for defending or lose resources for failing the challenge is yours Research Research plays a vital role in the development of your dungeon. Unlock new add ons for each room type, upgrade your minions power, and even unlock the best minion and resource through research. Collect research points from your library Research upgrades for your rooms to unlock add ons Research upgrades to increase your minions power Craft You collect base resources throughout your dungeon as minions produce them for you. You can then use the foundry to craft rare ingots from those base resources. These ingots are the foundation for the toughest minions and highest tier room construction. Unlock rare resource crafting in the foundry room Upgrade your foundry to increase the rate at which rares are produced Upgrade your foundry to unlock higher tier rare resources needed for your base and minions Let's get to ordering about minions, building an empire, and crushing the weak. Don the crown and become the Dungeon Overseer!
The three factions of the Aeon Nebula have broken out into war. Aeon Command is a tug of war strategy game, where you play as one of three unique factions to help gain dominance over the Aeon Nebula! Take control of your mother ship to gather resources, produce ships and fight off the enemy mother ship. Grow stronger as you progress through the 24 mission campaign and unlock new upgrades. UPDATE: Due to technical issues the multiplayer server has been taken offline permanently. The single player campaign and skirmish modes are still available to enjoy. Key Features: 3 factions each with unique ships and abilities. 24 mission single player campaign. 8 missions for each faction. Play through the Alliance, Cyborgs and Exile campaigns to unlock upgrades and abilities. Skirmish modes including Classic, Close Quarters and Resources and 3 difficulties. Persistent upgrade system. Unlock upgrades as you play the game to constantly improve your fleet.
When you wake from a deep sleep, the first thing the goblin doctor asks is 'What's your name?' The problem is: you don't know. A mysterious retrograde amnesia has left you with barely an inkling of your past, and you have yet to decide how much that actually bothers you. Retrace your steps. Find what you've lost. Piece together who you are from the strange and incredible things you can do as you realize you're not the only one looking for you. Collect information and determine who can help you decipher it. Form your own feelings on your absent memories, and see what path it takes you down. --- A mystery romance with an all non-binary cast. Features: 4 routes, 7 endings Point and click investigation segments 40k words 5 CGs CG Gallery
The year is 1967 and you are a TV repair person. Get to work. In TV Trouble, you are presented with an endless conveyor belt of faulty TVs. Each TV is a micro-puzzle comprised of dials, button panels and antennae. Tune in and repair as many televisions as you can against the clock. Earn bonus points for speedy and efficient work. Gamepad and Keyboard supported.
Surfwords is a fast-paced word building game. Letters drop from the top of the screen in two columns. You have to choose which column to take at each row, in order to build up a series of words. Bet you can't last 30 seconds!
Immortal Darkness: Curse of the Pale King is a dark fantasy dungeon crawler, that blends the best of old school dungeon crawlers with modern graphics, slick combat, and context driven audio. It features challenging real-time tactical combat, a wide variety of spells, and a dark and brooding dungeon full of lethal enemies, sadistic traps, and mind-bending puzzles. The world of Uuld is under siege by the Vampyr who have destroyed and devoured all but a few remaining strongholds of civilization. The world's last hope, Shade, an ancient and legendary vampire hunter, has been bitten in the last epic battle on the surface. You play as Shade now struggling against the vampiric curse, using it to heal yourself but at a terrible price. You must fight your way through a twisted labyrinth of horror and death to finally face the Pale King, lord of all Vampires, before succumbing to the vampiric curse yourself. Fools Rush In This is a game that will challenge you to think tactically about every situation. Rushing into a room without a good plan will most likely get you killed very quickly. Control the flow of combat by using spells and potions to slow, stun, confuse, poison, scatter, separate and take out your enemies a few at a time. The Thirst As a half-vampire your primary means of healing is drinking the blood of your fallen enemies. Using this ability pushes you closer and closer to full vampire. Use it sparingly or pay the price. There are ways to reduce your build-up of evil, such as potions and holy altars, but they are few and your enemies are many. Items are Everything With the exception of your basic melee attack, every spell and ability you will have is based on the items you choose to equip to the 6 slots in your action bar. As you progress through the game and your pack begins to fill with dozens of items, choosing what you equip to your action slots will define everything about how you play and what you can do. Secrets Within Secrets Few will find every secret or unlock every puzzle in this centuries old dungeon. Evil has been at work here since ancient antiquity and there is more concealed in this place of eternal gloom than anywhere else in Uuld. Decisions that Will Shape the Cosmos There are many factions at play here and who you decide to ally with and who you decide to oppose has the power to dramatically reshape your story and the fate of this world, and possibly many others.
The Deer God is a breathtaking 3D pixel art adventure that will challenge your religion and your platforming skills. It's a game about survival, reincarnation, and karma; all set in a breathtaking and unique 3D pixelized world. Feast your eyes on the beautiful lighting, day and night system, and vast landscapes. Become one of the most beautiful animals on planet earth. LIVE AS A DEER. SURVIVE AS A DEER. Features: Gorgeous 3d pixel art world to explore Various animals and characters to interact with Night and Day system Various quests Tons of items to find and use Reincarnate into other animals Use the power of statues and level up your antlers Find secrets and solve ancient puzzles Follow an interesting and dark storyline Amazing Original Soundtrack by Evan Gipson.
Beeftacular is a fast-paced platformer where you play as a chunk of beef! You must clean levels by destroying all the rotten meat as fast as possible. To do this you can use melee slash attacks, ranged projectile attacks , and the environment. You only have a few seconds per level so you must be quick and precise. The restart button will be your best friend! This game is not just for hardcore platformer fans but also for beginners and casual players, but don't expect the later levels to be easy. This platformer still has some pretty beefy challenges. Play Beeftacular for fun or try to be better than your friends and other players by memorizing every level and setting one world record after the other. The game also has a built-in level editor ! Get creative and share your levels with your friends and the world, or just subscribe to some of the custom levels in the steam workshop . This way the fun never ends! Feature list: Over 100 handcrafted levels Easy-To-Use Level Editor Steam Workshop for custom levels 3 different difficulty levels Set World Records and compare your runs to your friends and the world Do speedruns through the whole game using Speedrun mode Very juicy particle effects Gamepad Support Game Skins that will change the entire theme of Beeftacular You don't like blood? No Problem! Just change the skin! Steam Leaderboards Stats Smooth Menus Short and fast levels Beautiful sound effects A variety of different traps and special objects to make the game even more exciting Steam Achievements Secrets Inspired by 10 Seconds Ninja , Beeftacular polishes known platformer features and brings them to a new level. If you like quick platformers, smooth gameplay and the option to create your own levels, you will love Beeftacular!
Tony Takoushi Presents Freefall 3050AD. It is the year 3050AD and man has moved to cities high above the Earth. The player controls Commander Alexander Menon, a Drop Cop in the year 3050. Freefall 3050AD is shooter played in first or third person while falling through gang infested cities and locations high above the Earth. You can move, spin, shoot and use your air-brakes as you fall through increasingly tougher neighbourhoods. 'There isn't anything else out there quite like it!' Gameplay offers both mission based levels as well as dedicated shooter stages. The game features 15 levels, and 4 training levels and 2 levels of difficulty. Each mission starts with the main character launching into a freefall to pursue and shoot down criminals. The player has laser guns, homing missiles and grenades, as well as specialized tools like air-brakes to slow their descent. The player must also manage an oxygen supply, as well as their health, which can be topped up by collecting pick-ups in levels.
Gloomwood is a stealth horror FPS that follows your mysterious abduction to a forgotten, twisted Victorian metropolis in the midst of a horrifying transformation. Wield your canesword and take to the shadows as you uncover the accursed mystery hidden within the fog. The producers of DUSK , AMID EVIL , ULTRAKILL and FAITH bring you a frightening, gothic immersive sim full of haunted streets, dark tunnels and decadent mansions. An intricate, hand-crafted city with freeform exploration - from towering rooftops down to hidden passages, the routes you take and paths you make, are your choice. A detailed stealth and sound system that tracks your light visibility and propagates noise accurately through the world. Tread lightly. Or prepare to get loud . A unique arsenal to meet any situation - a stealthy canesword, six-shot revolver, folding shotgun, hand-placed traps, rope-slinging harpoon rifle and more. In-depth player interactivity , from leaning to eavesdrop, peeking through door cracks, checking the bullets in your firearms and mantling onto ledges. A mob of ghastly denizens and monsters with acute senses, like the sharp-clawed Crowmen and the fearsome, cadaver-seeking Corpse Duster. Gloomwood is full of objects to pick up, throw, climb, smash and use to your advantage. There is more to this city than you can possibly imagine...
Darkest Depths is a fast-paced, first-person shooter that features RPG elements and mind-blowing movement within a dungeon that becomes more and more dangerous as you traverse deeper. Randomized guns, upgrades, and levels make each play-through fresh and innovative. Key Features QUICK RUNS: If you're short on time then Darkest Depths is the perfect game for you. It is designed to be cleared in a single play-through which unlocks more stuff for future play-throughs. The game can be beaten in under an hour if you know what you're doing. EVERY RUN IS DIFFERENT: Random enemies, random upgrades, random bosses within a random dungeon. You even start with a random secondary gun. You will never know what to expect. OLD-SCHOOL NEW TRICKS: Extremely fast paced movement, OP guns and jump pads akin to Quake. Darkest Depths adds the ability to wall run, unlock up to ten jumps, increase your jump height and a combo system plus more. INSANE UPGRADES: Ice Shards spinning around you like a buzzsaw, enemies' corpses spawn seeker missiles that track other enemies, reaction based Slo-Mo and much more. COMBO SYSTEM: Kill enemies faster to get more gold, exp, a chance at an optional reaction based slow time ability. LOOT CORPSES: Enemies have a chance to drop stat upgrades, health and money.
We have put PAC on hiatus while we take a step back and reassess our gameplan. Over time the project evolved into something that was no longer aligned with our original vision. We are not abandoning or ending the project, merely putting it on the backburner. Please be patient with us and check back in the future for any updates.
The Game: Immerse yourself in the first VR shooter set in World War 2. Travel back in time and experience what it was like to fight as a soldier in room space Virtual Reality. The Last Sniper is rich with content, jump out of an airplane as an allied soldier on D-day, or defend Omaha beach from the hordes of Americans as a German machine gunner. Become a rogue sniper during the surrender of Paris, or infiltrate the Eagles Nest as a special agent. Experience fully realistic weapon simulation, from bullet drop, to manual reloading of your weapon. See through the eyes of both German and Allied soldiers in 5 completely unique missions. After the campaign, experience hours of fun in 2 additional game modes, Rush and The Hunted. The Last Sniper aims to simulate the sounds, visuals and feel of what it might have been like to be a soldier in a massive scale war. The Developer: The Last Sniper was created by a single experienced developer, with a life long passion for making games. With years of experience in both developing games and sound engineering, Robert Weaver of Brilliant Game Studios always aims to bring a high quality and ambitious experience.
Block Buster Billy is a puzzle game where you move blocks with digits and basic math operations to form numbers and equations. When you complete an equation, it turns into a big block you can move out of the way to open the treasure chest. Combining these simple rules with carefully placed blocks leads to some very challenging puzzles. Over 100 hand crafted levels Turn based gameplay Non-linear progress Light math, but tricky level layouts A goofy story about aliens visiting Billy's island There are different paths you can take on each island, so you don't have to play the levels in some particular order. If you get stuck on one puzzle, you can go back to the island and select another level. Levels are linked. Solving a level gives you a piece for the level you entered from. For every new game mechanics there are a couple easy levels that serve as tutorial. Some of the levels took me a full day to design, test and refine to perfection. I hope you'll have as much fun solving them as I did while making the game.
Slice of Sea is a peaceful adventure and puzzle game. You play as Seaweed, a sea creature clearly out of their element. Explore desolate world of dust, all hand-drawn on paper in unique art style. Collect items, solve puzzles and lead Seaweed back home to the sea. Use keyboard to move around and mouse to solve puzzles. Music was created by Thumpmonks and main theme song written and performed by Cat Jahnke.
A bullet hell with a sinister twist. Think fast and strategically as you weave through a bullet hell of your own making. Easy to learn and hard to master, TERROR SQUID is an arcade experience unlike any other. Create your own bullet hell Conduct your symphony of destruction. Dodge tantalising bullet patterns of your own design. Survive for long enough to release a primordial blast of dark energy, detonating your projectiles in gloriously satisfying chain reactions. Perfect your strategy to squeeze every precious second out of each run. A vectorised nightmare Unique vector graphics and a thumping soundtrack combine to deliver a deliciously terrifying arcade experience. Feel the dopamine rushing through your veins and give in to the assimilation. Terrorise the leaderboards Reign havoc upon your friends' highscores. Rise to the top of the gene pool. Ascend. The flesh is weak Cast aside your puny human shell and give in to the darkness. Become Terror. There is no hope There is only TERROR SQUID
Dive into a childhood fantasy world where secrets and memories are waiting to be uncovered. In this puzzle platformer, shadows are not what they seem. Monsters are lurking in the night , your only way out is to use lights to scare them away, forcing them to transform into objects that you can use to your own advantage! Confront your fears, take control of them, use them to remember your past and learn to move forward. gameplay Use different sources of light to scare away monsters. Each light source will make the monsters transform into different objects. They can be a ladder, a trampoline, a door, a key... each monster helps you in your adventure with their unique mechanic. Four unique worlds with colorful environments and real time lighting! Many monsters each with their own mechanics Many levels to explore with challenging puzzles to solve Hidden levels and secrets to uncover! Beautiful music made exclusively for the game A touching story about fears and comfort In the Shadows supports Xbox one, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 4 controllers Music The music for In the Shadows was composed to give the eerie mood of the world you are discovering. Peaceful instrumental music made exclusively for the game, composed by Lombus. A Word From the Developer In the Shadows was a solo project developed on my own over the course of three years. It is a piece of me, inspired by personal stories and events that I have experienced and a story that I wanted to share with the world. I hope you enjoy playing it as much as I enjoyed making it! In The Shadows voxels are made with Qubicle Voxel Editor
Have your own transportation company. Transport cargo throughout the country, face the problems of everyday life, and receive the best rewards. Coordinate cargo transportation and earn money for freight Choose the best trucks and buckets at the dealership and make your garage the best way for you and your company. Hire and control your employees and have the best people at your side to help the company grow. Manage your properties and expand your business. Control your finances and invest your surplus money in the bank, or in difficult times try to get a loan from the bank manager. Connect with other players online via chat and online market. Participate in online ranking competitions Manage your own life, with your needs Be a transportation entrepreneur, with control over everything in your business. Work, earn, invest and expand! Success is a few trips away, are you ready? Deal closed!
Spaceslingers is a fun and mind-bending sci-fi gravity-based game, where the only obstacles between you and your goal are the most powerful celestial objects in the known universe! KEY FEATURES PLAY : Challenge yourself with a multitude of unique and difficult deliveries to make! AVOID : Many celestial hazards fill your path with death and destruction! MASTER : Learn to warp spacetime by flying close to exotic objects, lowering your delivery times! COMPETE : Perfect your route for each delivery to climb the leaderboard rankings and crown yourself the best interstellar deliverer! BUILD : In-built delivery editor allows you to build your own deliveries for others to try! DENIED! YOUR TASK Spamazon, the local intergalactic delivery company, has hired you to service the Core Quadrant, which has been in sore need of deliveries since the last person doing them was spaghettified in the bowels of a black hole. You'll take on a huge variety of gravity-based puzzles, facing death, destruction, and insanity around every corner, on your quest to become the universe's ultimate deliverer. Plan your paths by thinking about the gravitational potential of each object on your route and figure out the perfect angle and power to launch with so that you will make it to your target planet in one piece. CRUSHING! With tons of deliveries waiting to go, you'll need all your wits and nerves of steel to come out the other side alive. Remember, interplanetary delivery is a hard job, but someone's got to do it!
One day you decide to change your life and open up new business related to the production of clothing. Dark basement, which do not penetrate the sun's rays, cheap tables from KIEA and bought on sale of equipment that barely works. Only hard work separates you and your employees from wealth and fame now. What are you waiting for? SweatShop is a incremental game where you're the owner of a sweatshop, you have to hire more staff to work for you and sell products to gain more money. Buy many different upgrades for your workers and make even more money than before. Get as far as expanding the store to get more workspace and even more workers. Main Features: - Hire more staff - Sell Products - Expand your shop - Catch bonuses - Buy upgrades - 53 STEAM achievements included
What if Jesus had been able to escape his crucifixion? Would he escape the Romans, who are still bent on enforcing their death sentence? Or maybe even start a family with his great love? Just slip into his role and figure it out! But before it is time to settle down with his beloved lady, there is still a lot to do. There are a lot of riddles to be solved and secrets to be revealed while searching for a missing person. Delve into the atmosphere of the first century. Experience a fascinating adventure filled with biblical quotes, allusions to the Holy Scripture, and a lot of black humor. Play detective and decide at the end of the game for yourself which version of the historical narrative you want to believe in. To enjoy this adventure, it does not matter which religion you belong to, or if you consider the bible to be just a thick book of fairytales. Nobody is supposed to be 'proselytized' and nobody's religious feelings are supposed to get offended. All you need to enjoy this game is a computer which fulfills the minimum technical requirements, as well as a liking for stories, the solving of riddles, and a good sense of humor. Then 7-12 hours of thrilling entertainment are waiting for you.
Wait! Who the heck are you?! Can you see me? You CAN, can't you? You've drunk the Spirittea and now you can see me!! Look, we've got problems! This town is crawling with troublemaking spirits . They've become lost because humans have stopped worshipping, leaving offerings or even thinking about them anymore. This is- well... used to be a nice town, but there have been some strange goings-on lately! You're going to find the spirits causing mayhem and fix their problems so they can become paying customers , and get to know the townspeople and explore the mountain to its fullest! Here's the stuff you'll want to get involved in: Solving the spirit's problems - To remember themselves, they'll need anything from some spicy noodles to finding and digging up their lost treasures, so get your problem-solving hat on! Making friends with the locals - The townspeople all have their own schedules, likes, dislikes and hobbies to take part in - from bug catching to karaoke, there's something for everyone! Managing the bathhouse - You'll need to clean towels, chop wood to heat the baths and seat the spirits with their friends for the ultimate bathing experience. Upgrading and decorating - The local shops can make a whole lot of cool furniture and help you fix up your house. Make your new house your home! THE BATHHOUSE The bathhouse is an ancient spirit building hidden up in the mountain, and it's up to you to clean it up and fill it full of customers! Once the spirits are in the bathhouse, you'll need to clean towels, chop wood to heat the baths and seat the spirits with their friends for the ultimate bathing experience. Each spirit has their own preferences so you'll need to get to know them all and upgrade the bathhouse to become the best bathhouse keeper around. To keep your bathhouse running, you'll need to: Keep the bathhouse and towels clean - Grab your trusty broom to sweep away the cobwebs and collect up all your towels, you'll need to keep everything clean, dry and organised. Deliver a five-star service with food and scrubbing - Get ready to pamper your spirits with food straight from your kitchen and a give them a good scrub while they're relaxing! Make the water perfect for each spirit - Chop wood for the boilers to heat up the water to the perfect temperature and mix up various elixirs to make the water perfect for each spirit - they'll all have their preferences and favourite recipes! Sit friends together and enemies apart - Every spirit has others they like best, as well as some they don't enjoy spending time with at all! You'll have to plan carefully when you lead spirits to their baths - don't seat just anyone together! Unless, of course, you don't care about making money. Which I do. Very much so in-fact.
Let's super high jump through the screen! 6180 the moon is a platformer game with a unique mechanic. It offers a fresh, unseen game play style by connecting the top and bottom of the screen. This allows in a mechanic with delightfully long jumps and no fear of 'slipping' to death. In addition to the unique gameplay, 6180 the moon delivers a unique storyline. The Sun has gone. The Moon sets off on a journey to find the Sun. Along the journey will be hazardous courses and deep realizations.
The world after global warming. Humanity has taken refuge in three gigantic underwater cities at the bottom of the ocean. Those who are expelled from the cities, for lack of space, barely survive on the burned lands. Meanwhile, the megacities exchange millions of containers loaded with goods every day. At the command of ultra-fast boats, a few inhabitants of the underwater cities started stealing these precious containers, in order to deliver them to the banished. Some are more successful than others. TACTICAL Dodge attacks to survive and trick your enemies into killing each other DELIVERY Steal containers and deliver them to upgrade your ship or improve your score ACTION No shooting, but all the action! Guns are cool but they are bulky and heavy: The Swordship doesn't have any and that's part of what makes it so light and maneuverable Ship variant: Collect power-boosting components and experiment with different play styles in your runs Upgrade: Exchange stolen containers for passive upgrades that fit the situation and your play style Weather: Learn to master the different weather conditions to get through the randomly generated levels
The game of forgotten gods. Wake up is a dynamic action game, sword fighting, magic tricks, and an exciting adventure deep into the mysteries of the world, which are protected by invisible force. The player will have to figure out the methods of managing people to help them. But it will be hard, because the acting gods are not going to simply leave and give up power. You will have to fight with their governors in this world, going through an exciting journey to find out the truth and tell it to the people. Install the game, and get the truth for yourself and others! What to Expect From A Game Dynamic Action From Third Person Controller a huge number of people who have become zombies because of their bad habits Kombo Beats And Magical Techniques getting knowledge through the implemented in the game TV, radio and book sources Through the radio you will find out what happened to the world Fire books, which describe the instructions for life, go to them and read. After reading the book, you can move on
When a global war nearly decimated humankind, an evil military organization called Oniken takes advantage of the situation to dominate and oppress the few remaining survivors. Even though any resistance to this organization seemed hopeless, a small rebel movement organizes strikes against Oniken. One day, a ninja mercenary named Zaku offers his services to the resistance for unknown reasons. His moves are lethal and now he is the resistance's only hope. Oniken is an action platform game highly inspired by the 1980's, its games and its movies. You can see this not only in the graphics and sound design, but also in Oniken's story and difficulty. Don't Worry, You Will Die A Lot Of Times. Every copy of Oniken comes with digital versions of the game manual and the original soundtrack. Features Graphics, sounds and difficulty from the 8-bit era Cinematic cutscenes Over 18 boss fights Six missions, three stages each An extra mission after you beat the game Boss rush mode Not difficult enough? Try the new HARDCORE MODE Global Leaderboards Full pixelated violence
The classic racing game is back - revamped with a new look! The well-known and highly acclaimed racing spectacle makes the streets on your screen glow! In addition to the traditional, highly detailed racing game with all its different facets and features, the new Champion Edition of World Racing 2 offers modding and Steam Workshop support. Do you feel the need for action and speed? Over 100 challenging race tracks with more than 80 cars will make every racer's heart beat faster! Whether it's Italy, Egypt or Hawaii - you'll experience the racing fun of a lifetime at the world's most impressive locations. Five different game modes provide variety and allow you to create your own perfect gaming experience, from arcade fun to realistic simulation. The visual and logical damage model shows you your mistakes and will drive you to achieve the highest performance. No one likes to see the 'baby' sweeping across the streets with dents or scratches. Are you ready to start the race of your life? The roads that mean the world are waiting for you! FEATURES: Speed it up: Various game modes such as arcade, simulation, mission mode and training ensure the ultimate speed atmosphere. Worldwide: Over 100 race tracks in 5 huge sceneries square kilometers big. Fully accessible to be driven off-road without any barriers. Cars: More than 80 different vehicles fulfil almost every wish. Innovative: Realistic damage model features flying off parts, dents and scratches, internal damage and influences the cars driving behaviour accordingly. Caution: Side and oncoming traffic can quickly endanger your victory - so take care and be alert. As desired: Car tuning is just as possible as the individual setting of colours, rims, etc.
In this first-person puzzle escape room game, you are trapped in the mysterious Mystwood mansion. Explore corridors and find hidden rooms while solving puzzles and deciphering codes to find a way out. Will you escape or linger to uncover the mansion's final secret? You find yourself trapped inside the mysterious Mystwood Mansion. The door behind you is locked and the only way forward is to delve deeper into the mansion. As you explore the mansion's many rooms you discover that someone has orchestrated a series of puzzles and challenges to keep you from escaping. Each room of the mansion is filled with puzzles to solve and codes to decipher. As you take on the mansion's many challenges someone seems to be watching your every move... Poke around to find clues to help you solve the puzzles. Interact and study 3D objects to find important details. Will you escape the mansion's grasp or are you up to the challenge to access the final room? Five puzzle-filled rooms with hidden sub-areas Dynamic hint system Beautiful and immersive environments to explore Many objects and secrets to find Multiple endings
VIDEOBALL is a sport everyone can play! We researched basketball, football, soccer, first-person shooters, and real-time strategy games. VIDEOBALL is a compact expression of all sports' mechanics. Use either analog stick or the directional buttons to maneuver. Use any button or trigger to project a triangle. Only triangles can displace balls. Hold your button or trigger to charge a bigger triangle. Bigger triangles push harder. Stun opponents or cancel triangles with other triangles. Push balls into the opposing goal to score points. Score more points in order to win. Win in order to Feel Real Good. Features : Online: Compete in exhibition or ranked VIDEOBALL in solo or team modes. Customizable: Various arenas, color palettes, music tracks, and backgrounds. Local: Adjust ball count, time limit, and point values to design your own rule set. You are already a VIDEOBALL character: VIDEOBALL is part of Earth; VIDEOBALL is happening right now. If you want a new costume, put a hat on, buddy!
Triple Town is an award-winning original puzzle game in which you try to grow the greatest possible city. The larger the city you build, the more points you score. You build your city by matching three or more game-pieces: combine three grasses to make a bush, three bushes to make a tree... until you've filled the board with houses, cathedrals and castles. Along the way, you'll have to outwit giant bears who will try to block your progress. How large can you grow your dream city before the board fills and the game ends? This is the ultimate hardcore version of Triple Town. There are no in-app purchases of any kind in the game. There is no DLC. When you buy the game, you get everything it has to offer with that purchase. We hope you enjoy it!
NOTE THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS TITLE Disassembled, a new breed of wave based shooters. Enter the arena of Disassembled the futuristic game show where you will start from the bottom and earn your way to the top by destroying the waves of robots in your way. Earn in game currency to buy better and more devastating weapons as well as defences to help you survive in the arena longer. Become immersed in vibrant arenas ranging from desert wastelands to underwater worlds and encounter some very unique and in most cases dangerous robots. View the robots in the hub to find out their weak points and plan your next round by choosing the right weapons for the job. Earn trophies for high scores and see your cabinet fill up with the gold and silverware of your legendary battles. Enter the arena as a rookie...but emerge a champion! Disassembled is best experience with 360 setups.
Play as Trane, a 'toy' graffiti artist with the street smarts, athletic prowess and vision to become an 'All City King' - the most reputable of all graffiti artists. Along your quest, uncover the mayor's deep, dark secret and use your fighting talents and high-wire graffiti to expose the city's leader as a corrupt tyrant. As you struggle to save a neighborhood from an oppressive government, one question stands out: What if graffiti could change the world? Risk your life battling city authorities and rival graf gangs - mere obstacles in your attempt to get your tag up. And in this city, not just any tag will do. You have to 'Get IN, Get UP and Get OUT'. Combat: master a unique fighting technique and use improvised weapons Graffiti: create tags in pressure situations, using multiple skills and styles Intuition: follow your sixth sense to find the best spots to tag Sneak mode: infiltrate areas and avoid capture as you creep silently through the city Navigation: utilize a unique guidance system to 'get up' and tag
Mr. Mat Hematic is a short, fun, 2D platformer puzzle game where you must use given mathematical operations to alter the environment so you can move around. To complete a level, you need to reach the black door. Use MOUSE for OPERATION, and KEYBOARD to MOVE There are 4 OPERATIONS: PLUS: Duplicates a green block and you can place it anywhere. MINUS: Removes a green block SQUARE: Doubles the sizes of the green block SQUAREROOT: Shrinks the size of the green block by 2 Features: 12 levels with a unique puzzle mechanic cute art nice music short story with cutscenes level selector PRESS KIT: -mat-hematic-press-kit
Sam's bedroom is a mess! Lost among the piles of clothes and toys is his prized comic book. Donning his red cape, Pajama Sam dives into the chaos only to land in a strange and fantastic world that resembles his messy room. Pajama Sam sets off on a series of adventures in search of his lost comic book, looking for lost socks in Agitator Lake, rounding up dust bunnies at the Dust Bunny Corral, exploring the Spilled Soda Swamp and much more. In the end, Sam finds his comic book and realizes that life wouldn't be so rough if he put away his stuff! Throughout the story, kids meet lots of interesting new friends and tackle fun challenges that will inspire them to solve problems in creative ways. Help Sam find his comic book. You will have to listen carefully for clues from the friends you meet ! The adventure changes each time you play.
You are Jillian Cleary: an ex-spy on the run, framed for treason and hunted by your former agency. You must move in secret, survive off the grid, and find a way to clear your name. Old friends and new allies will lend their support; but with the eyes of the world upon you, who can you trust? Stealth Keep in the shadows, move in silence, and stay out of sight. Escape from tight situations by scrambling your enemies' vision. Enhance your performance with black market stims. World Explore a concrete-and-neon brutalist vision of the modern surveillance state. Undertake eight missions spanning two continents. Meet a diverse range of interesting characters. Music Featuring an 18-song soundtrack by electronic rock band The Home Conversion .
You are a rookie soldier in the army of a space faring race, under the command of a legendary war hero. Your mission is dangerous, but the fate of your people depends on your success. Battle your way across the ever-changing surface of Planet Shadow with an arsenal of sci-fi weapons and mech armor, improve your skills and upgrade your gear. Somewhere on Planet Shadow lies the Origin Stone, an ancient artifact that can save your homeworld. Overcome the hordes of monstrous enemies that stand in your path and discover harsh truths hidden behind your invasion. Game Features Dual wield over a dozen alien weapons and upgrade them for maximum carnage Strategically place high-powered turrets and shred your enemies Equip a wide range of augmented mech armor Embark on racing, sharpshooting, and a variety of other missions Experience the rich and harrowing narrative of the Ato people's struggle to survive Uncover hidden secrets amongst hundreds of procedurally generated levels
Magical girls are real, but the pay sucks! Join the Union of Magical Girls as they fight to protect the city from evildoers by day, and fight to become unionised by night. Features Take on the brainwashed zombie hordes in tactical, turn-based combat . Your magical familiars gave you these powers, but now they expect you to fight evil for free? Negotiate better pay or employment benefits based on your performance. Get to know the inhabitants of the struggling convenience store where you and your family live and work. Power up your abilities by making new social connections . Loaded with dorky humour and 90s magical girl anime tropes. Battle Flow Due to your overwhelming power levels, the enemies can't actually hurt you, so the focus is on defeating enemies as quickly as possible to gain higher rewards and bargaining power when the battle ends. Of course, not all enemies are brainless zombies, and you'll have to contend with many abilities designed to impede your pursuit of a perfect score! Social Links Outside of battle you'll be able to invest your precious time and money into building up your social links through visual novel style conversations : Help the convenience store clerk find romance! Try to lure out the NEET who lives in the storage cupboard! Waste all your money on gacha machines to try and impress a small child! Negotiation How the heck are you supposed to have a social life with no money or free time? After every battle you'll get to lead the Union of Magical Girls in collective bargaining to determine your reward based on how well you fought and how many gems you gathered. Don't let them take your dental plan !
Waves is a twin-stick shooter that can be played by anyone, but with a high enough skill threshold to keep even the most hardened shooter fan entertained. Set in a Neo-Cyberspace arena your system is being overrun by bugs, errors, and viruses. The only solution is to kill every rogue process before it kills you! Clear the arena of enemies while racking up a big fat Combo with swift kills and well-timed Bombs. If it all gets a bit too much you can use your Time Buffer to slow down the action and turn defeat into victory. Players can compete across seven different game modes with online high-score tables and Achievements in their pursuit of twin-stick perfection.
New York City, sometime in the 1950s. A wave of mysterious murders has swept through the city. At each crime scene, only a pile of ash remains. Witnesses claim to have seen a ball of lightning. Could a human being be capable of such a thing? Who is behind the cryptic killings? Are they connected with a strange incident which took place during an execution at the Sing Sing penitentiary? The police are unable to answer any of these questions... and so the White Stone Order takes the reins. Fearless journalist Laura is again brought in to investigate murders nobody can explain! Immerse yourself in an exciting crime story and visit uncharted locations from 1950s New York!
DeathTolls Experience is a journey through data in virtual reality that aims to re-sensitize the user to the casualties of the terrorist attacks in Europe, refugee deaths in the Mediterranean Sea, and the human cost of the Syrian civil war. The project challenges the lack of concern that results from the frequency of such news on the mass media. By walking the user through hundreds of thousands of dead bodies in photorealistic CGI scenes, the creator Ali Eslami aims to inspire an active awareness towards big data that represents massive deaths, and compassion for the people behind those numbers. On the basis of a virtual journey through the history of European bloodbaths, an ocean filled with body bags containing recently drowned Syrian refugees, and casualties of the Syrian civil war, DeathTolls Experience immerses us in the meaning of these figures, opening up an emotional perspective on this suffering and terror.
Invade strange worlds with alien armies! populate and shield your planets! Assassinate, Sabotage and Nuke your opponents! Collect victory points and achieve... ...PLANETARY CONTROL! Planetary Control takes the alien factions of the Sword of the Stars universe and turns planetary invasion into a fast-paced, game night, card game! Six worlds are up for grabs - draw cards and build up armies of matching faction cards to take possession. Spec-op cards give you a wide variety of mix-and-match options to protect your planets, take away your friend's planets, and general interfere with opposition. Incredibly easy to learn and endlessly entertaining, Planetary Control is as good as it gets until someone colonizes Mars, builds it up, and then it gets taken away by alien mercenaries! There are six worlds, unclaimed by an empire, each one better suited for one of the six major races in the Galaxy. Each player seeks to claim a planet and hold it until the end of the game. Control of a planet is achieved by drawing cards each turn and building a hand of Army cards with a matching faction crest as the planet. The only way to take a planet away from another player, your hand most add up to more than the army holding it. Don't have enough cards total to beat your opponents? Not to worry, there are a lot of Special Operations - Spec Ops - cards that can tip things in your favor; draw more cards, steal cards from other players, pick useful cards from the discard pile, and even the Mother Of All Jerk-moves, nukes. Planets will fly back and forth between players, their developed population growing each time, as members of the previous army lay down their arms and settle down, until the Cease Fire card appears as a surprise draw, and everybody totals up their Victory Points by adding up the size of the army on their planets plus its population. The player with the most Victory Points wins! The player with the least now has a grudge to bear going into the next round! Player against the AI, play against your friends, or take on both at the same time - however you like it, it's time to seize control. PLANETARY CONTROL!
Step into the shoes of an 18th century detective and uncover the mystery behind twelve strange deaths spanning 40 years, all somehow connected. Unmask the true killers in this sprawling narrative and discover their devious motives. Observe closely and reconstruct each scene of death. Your skills of deduction can identify each suspect, motive and murder weapon. Reveal the true nature of the mysterious Golden Idol and those who covet it. Follow the journey of a cursed aristocratic family as you untangle a web of deceit and villainy in your hunt for the truth behind this dark conspiracy.
The goal of the game is to survive for more than 60 seconds on each level, dodging platforms and objects, listening to bitpop soundtracks. Four levels, online-records, achievements and trading cards are waiting for you. Features: Challenging gameplay, aimed at reaction Four unique levels, each with its difficulty, design and music More than 20 achievements, 7 of them are hidden Online leaderboards Steam trading cards
What is Math Classroom Challenge? Math Classroom Challenge is an educational game in first person view, with the mission of solving the different random mathematical exercises proposed. To do this, you have at your disposal a water hose, with which you must water the numbers and the appropriate solutions. All this in a safe environment to learn mathematics in a fun and enjoyable way. It's also the kids version of Math Combat Challenge. Math Classroom Challenge is designed for children over the age of four. In the game the player can do several activities: learn the numbers that fly, learn how to throw the water, solve the static panels looking for the corresponding numbers, and solve the dynamic panels that appear suddenly with three solutions. Always throwing the water from the hose to the correct solution. In the game the player never loses. There is simply a parameterizable timer, and you can choose the type and complexity of mathematical operations, from sums to equations. The errors of the dynamic panels are counted, but they can be reduced if the flying dragons get wet. Although caution, sometimes this can give opposite results if used too much. Math Classroom Challenge is a game for the whole family, which aims to make young people come into contact with mathematics in a fun and entertaining way.
Auto-cannibalism. Demonic Seduction. Occult Rituals. Bloodfeasting Worms. This Book Is A Dungeon has it all and more. This dark, horrific Twine-based dungeon crawler pairs edgy interactive fiction with grisly pixel art and light RPG elements. Prepare to be disturbed, titillated, and savaged by unholy denizens aplenty in your quest to navigate this sprawling narrative-driven labyrinth bristling with otherworldly doom. WARNING: THIS GAME WILL KILL YOU. OFTEN. Part of the intended challenge is in experimenting to see where different paths and choices lead you. It's impossible to experience all of the content in a single runthrough. Experiment, be bold, and uncover your fate, wherever it may lead! Features: Experience a grim story-driven horror adventure Solve cryptic and disturbing puzzles Die in dozens of horrible ways Enjoy light RPG elements, including combat and inventory Discover multiple endings BONUS : 40,000 word game dev diary This game is not for the squeamish or faint of heart. BONUS GAME DEV DIARY EBOOK This Book Is A Dungeon was originally created as an interactive fiction and self-publishing experiment. It was initially launched as a game inside a Kindle book that served as a developer diary documenting the entire process for creating the game from start to finish. As part of the Steam Edition, you can access a free download link for a PDF version of the dev diary within the main menu.
Jackie , Max , Marv , Hank and Dex are five friends, a weekend they decide to get high in an exclusive disco, but then for a mess arranged by Hank, they are arrested by the police . Police chief Monty decides, however, to give them a chance: to collaborate as infiltrators or end up in jail . Our heroes will then have to carry out missions for Ivan , the boss of the local underworld, to retrieve valuable information. But they will end up in weird situations... Explore OddCity , steal vehicles and discover all the secondary missions ! You can decide whether to follow the story or to play freely in Free mode , in this case minigames will be activated with which to buy very strange gadgets to increase the fun while in town! If you decide to follow the main story , 27 game chapters full of strange situations, characters and dialogues await you for many hours of fun ! By the way, does anyone need a racing pig..? 62 totally original tracks . Included in the game . What are you waiting for to pump up the volume? That someone takes you to do an exorcism ? Well... never say never. You will be able to tell how this is one of the few original games that comes out nowadays! Or how a solo developer was so crazy to develop all this by himself ! Whatever story you want to tell, play and be part of the craziest community in the galaxy! Share your gaming adventures, your best screenshots , your craziest ideas ! We are waiting for you!
Let's hope to survive INVITATION, a first-person survival horror game As Max, a graduate of Brownstone School and the subject of the experiment, Explore schools like hell and discover the terrible secrets behind them. Find a way to escape and avoid it to survive. Good luck. Synopsis: Max graduated from Brownstone School, a second-generation victim of radiation. I was unhappy that I always had the same number in my class when I was in school. When I was in elementary school, my eyesight got worse, so I went to ophthalmology, but I couldn't find the cause. A mysterious invitation arrives in the mailbox for Max, a busy office worker. It's Invitation to the reunion at Brownstone School. The date, place, and destination were specified. But I know Brownstone school was closed because of financial difficulties. 'Don't you think you'll find out when you go?' I accepted the mysterious reunion invitation with my curiosity behind me. a closed school before one's eyes 'Are you a little early?' I can't see anyone but me. Shall we go in? Open the door as if to break up the accumulated memories. Feature: True Survival Fear: You must find a way to escape and escape to survive. Great graphics quality: A considerable degree of graphics invites the player to a hell invisible fear: Not only do you feel fear with your eyes. Feel the fear of being invisible. Unpredictable Experiment: If you don't find the study of the experiment, you'll never be able to survive.
Sokoban Land DX is a 2D top-down puzzle game with colorful graphics and relaxing soundtrack, based on the classic Sokoban style games with some new improvements over the original and a few adventure elements. You'll need to push boxes to the right places to open the gate and go to the next level. You'll be able to play in single-player mode controlling 1 or 2 characters at same time, or in local co-op mode with a friend changing modes on the fly during levels the way you prefer. Each player can undo their last move, but if you get stuck, you can restart the level whenever you want and there isn't limited movements or timers, so you can do all at your own pace.
Paper Sorcerer is a stylish single player turn based RPG focused on strategy, party-building, and environmental puzzles. Fight with the skills and spells you've learned in a battle system that emphasizes strategy over grinding. Assemble a party of monsters and dark creatures to fight alongside you. Explore and solve environmental puzzles to unlock secret paths and find extra loot! A double-sided adventure, an RPG with adventure game elements. Initial Steam release is for PC, Mac and Linux are in the works. If you'd like to play it on Mac or Linux right away, you can pick it up on the website , and a Steam key will be included in your purchase. Save files from the demo transfer to the full version! A powerful sorcerer is on the cusp of dominating the land. A group of heroes bands together and seals him away inside a magical tome. Now as the sorcerer you must escape from this ancient prison and find a way to regain your magical powers using your wits and an array of summonable creatures to aid you. There may be more powerful forces at work as you navigate the dungeons and fight the heroes sent to subdue you... Key Features Play as a renegade sorcerer as he struggles to escape the book prison and regain his powers. Escape a magical prison filled with heroes hunting you down at every turn. Leave behind mana and to-hit rolls for an exciting new battle system that emphasizes strategy and tactics over grinding. Strategically manage an energy pool to unleash devastating special attacks in battle. Assemble a party of fiendish creatures to join you as allies in battle. Numerous different creatures and fiends to unlock, further customizing your party; including a healer Witch, a trickster Imp, assassin Troll, and a berserker Minotaur. Discover fiendish puzzles and solve them with a combinations of spells, items, and your wits. Hand-drawn high-resolution sprites All-inclusive game, promise to never make you pay for DLC content.
You have a limited amount of time to find and hug four kids to open the portal to the next level. These 4 kids are distinguished by certain colored helmets, which change on every level or on restart. You are equipped with a teddy bear launcher, which will be used to defend yourself against kids with water balloon guns. This game is made for fun and laughter. Be silly and enjoy cute hugs! There are only 5 levels at this time with plans to massively expand. We expect to receive feedback for our Beta version to determine which direction to take the game. One of our plans is to engage users in the development of level design. We already have 4 rooms that were designed by our team members.
Deep And Rewarding Melee Combat Fluid melee combat is at the heart of this roguelike. Each hit of your weapon, fists and magic will cause devastating wounds to your opponents as limbs fly and blood splatters against the walls. Attacks can be instantly linked into each other for seamless, free-flowing gameplay. Endless Replayability Procedurally generated levels levels and loot ensure no run is ever the same. Unlock special classes that provide unique playstyles, such as the spell slinging Mage, dexterous Monk, or giant sword wielding Berserker! Embrace your immortality, keep on fighting and you may yet find absolution!
A Sci-fi RPG set in a world where humans exist as beings of pure thought, and perception defines the boundaries of reality. Navigate through a puzzle filled environment where the question of whether it exists at all remains to be answered. Decide what's real and help Tessa escape to safety as she battles both the boundaries of human existence, and the limits of sanity. Key Features: Solve a series of ever evolving puzzles to navigate your way through the digital world. Visual Novel Style presentation with RPG stat. tracking and leveling system. Perception is malleable; not every threat is as it seems. Don't just save the world, decide if it exists at all.
In Tiny Traffic you solve puzzles by parking all cars safely. Move and rotate blocks to redirect the flow of traffic, keeping in mind that each level only has a limited amount of block-modifiers. The movement is turn-based, but all cars move at the same time, requiring you to think ahead. Features 45 hand-crafted levels. Progression; 4 different chapters, increasing in difficulty and complexity. Zen-like visuals and audio, letting you unwind.
A relaxing and cute color-linking puzzle game. Complete a variety of adorable pixel art puzzles and expand your knowledge with trivia and fun facts! Complete over 70 challenging puzzles! There are no locked levels, play how you want!
Take care of restoring the economy and the status of a superpower of a once great country in one of the most difficult times for Russia. Red Rush is a 2D strategy in pixel art style in which you have to manage 6 important resources: electricity, food, production points, money, military protection, and, of course, the population. Properly arrange each building, since the buildings influence each other both in a good way and in a negative way, reducing the production of the building or the mood of the inhabitants. Features: over 100 random events sweet pixel art graphics dozens of modifiers to help make each of your games more unique Twitch mode
Immersive horror experience that will make you vibrate. You assume the role of a wheelchair user, who must find the way through a house full of zombies. Using a joystick to determine the direction and drive freely through the room while you are attacked by the undead. Follow the green 'Exit' indicators to leave the psychiatric alive. New world layout every time you play. Available in 3 languages: English, Spanish and Russian. First person, sitting in a wheel chair. Windows. Immersive horror experience to enjoy with HTC Vive. Virtual Imagineering is a new company dedicated to virtual reality and leisure centers.
Finally: official Motocross is back! Put yourself to the test, racing in the two MXGP championships with all the riders and bikes from the MX1 and MX2 categories! Take up the challenge from the promising young MX2 riders and the MX1 champions, and join them on the tracks! Race on the official championship tracks, faithfully reproduced for the first time in a Motocross game. Get yourself noticed in your Debut Season to attract offers from the official teams and launch your career in MX2. Race your way through the events and, with the right results, you'll be able to aspire to an offer in MX1 to take on the heroes of Motocross. Take full control of your bike with dual stick control: the advanced game physics allows for separate control of the bike and the rider. Jump, scrub and whip! It's all in your hands!
Stormbound's unique gameplay combines the positional awareness of chess with the resource management of a collectible card game. Push for control of the board while minimizing your opponent's options. Novel gameplay combines your favorite aspects of collectible card games with the tactical strategy of board games. Play cards from your hand to the game board and then watch your units march on the enemy base. Battle players around the globe in head-to-head battles. Use in-game emojis to congratulate your opponent on a hard-fought game or rub a devastating board clear in their face. Choose one of four kingdoms and build out a deck leveraging powerful synergies between your units and spells. With an ever-shifting meta, can you craft the deck that stands out above the rest? Collect dozens of cards, all with unique and powerful abilities, to craft your deck. With positioning being so key, there are endless possibilities for valid deckbuilding strategies. Immerse yourself in the rich world of Stormbound, as four kingdoms struggle for dominance. Construct a deck of unique and powerful cards and then dive into real-time battles against other players.
Part 2 in the Lilly and Sasha series. Zahhak has Sasha's body and is going to use it to claim the powers of the Immortals. Lilly has vowed to stop Zahhak at whatever cost, even if she has to kill her own sister to do it. Continue your journey from Curse of the Immortals with new puzzles, new skills, runes and trinkets, new characters and 10 new pets, two of which can join you in battle at the same time.
Ever wanted to play Unreal tournament or Quake 3 Arena from a top down 2D perspective ? Daedalus - No Escape brings you exactly that, the same feel and control as in an arena FPS but from top down, in a dark sci-fi mood inspired by Alien Breed. In control of a space marine, walk the arena and defeat your opponents using powerful weapons. No feelings, no mercy, only your gun does the talking. Features single player, multi player game modes: highscore, deathmatch, last man standing, team deathmatch, capture the flag online leaderboard different control schemes: FPS-like, fixed camera 9 cool weapons lots of maps map editor original soundtrack windows, linux and mac support
Bell Ringer is a fast paced arena PvP brawler with local and online multiplayer. Gather your friends and brace yourselves for some intense fighting! Choose between five unique characters with different weapons, special moves and styles. Gather your friends and play against each other in local multiplayer! Test your skills against other players online. Play up to four players in either in teams or free for all. Hone your skills against bots. There are different difficulty settings to give everyone a good match regardless of experience and skill. Choose the character of your liking, from the broadsword-swinging Lucia to the fast, nimble, claw-bearing Gallows. All characters have unique play styles, appearances and weapons, try them all out and you will surely find a favorite! Each character has several special moves which do tons of damage but drain your stamina. Five different battle arenas, ranging in size and style. Explore the different environments- from the mountains in Thundercleft Keep, to the tower at Verdant Outpost. Each battle arena incorporates different tactical and strategic elements, use platforms or ladders to make plays - but watch out for pitfalls!
She's not the best at the piano, it's been a few years... But with more time on her hands she's been playing. Please enjoy this game - as you walk, she'll play. If you take a break, so will she.
Miaou Moon is an unusual physic plateformer, with tricky trajectories to master and limited resources. Plan and time your moves to complete huge challenging levels. Captain Miaou can now wear an Antigravity Belt and this changes everything! This tool allows a better control over your trajectories, with the ability to reduce the cat's speed and gravity at will, at free cost. Massive game lifespan, covering 5 moons packed with huge levels and many secrets to uncover! Key Features Sense of exploration - The wonder of discovery keeps growing, with hidden items and shortcuts lurking around nooks and corners that are scattered in huge diversified levels. Who knows what you'll encounter next? You'll be kept on your toes, waiting to release gas or attack at the proper time. An epic journey - Miaou Moon is also a survival game where you have a limited amount of energy available for your moves. You constantly need to refuel by eating scattered food. The gameplay adds layers of depth: lose all energy and you'll die, eat too much and you'll die! To this, add the fact that your size changes based on your energy level, which allows you to shrink into narrow paths or grow stronger and deal more damage. Multiple goals to achieve - There are so many ways to feel rewarded even after completing levels: try beating the highest scores online, find enough hidden energy cells to reach the next moon, collect tools to unlock new cool catsuit powers, and more! With tons of levels and five moons that challenge your gameplay with different physical proprieties, you're up for a long run for survival. Clean and fresh graphic theme - To lighten up this high difficulty - Miaou Moon features bright cartoonish graphics with fun animations and silly humor where propulsion looks as if your your cat farts around. You'll often find yourself smiling and swearing at the same time with unexpected outcomes or overjoyed once you start mastering your trajectories.
ZeGame is a beautiful puzzle game with complex but rewarding puzzles in three dimensions. Discover the new surroundings in every world, each having their own unique look and feel. Slide your blocks in the right directions in order to progress to the next level and discover new block types in every world. Create your own levels and share them with your friends, or play levels made by the community. Features 8 worlds and 160 levels Stunning backgrounds for each world A level editor Browse levels made by the community Achievements and cards Steam Cloud support Leaderboards 2 game modes Controller support
Winner of Debut Game at the 2018 BAFTA Games Awards, as well as Best Mobile Game and the Innovation Award at the GDC 2018 Choice Awards, Gorogoa is an elegant evolution of the puzzle genre, told through a beautifully hand-drawn story designed and illustrated by Jason Roberts. UNIQUELY IMAGINATIVE PUZZLES The gameplay of Gorogoa is wholly original, comprised of lavishly illustrated panels that players arrange and combine in imaginative ways to solve puzzles. Impeccably simple, yet satisfyingly complex. GORGEOUSLY HAND-DRAWN GAMEPLAY Jason Roberts created thousands of meticulously detailed hand-drawn illustrations, encompassing the impressive scope of Gorogoa's personal narrative. A NEW KIND OF STORYTELLING Gorogoa isn't just a game - it's a work of art, expressing itself through soulful, charming illustrations and distinguished puzzle mechanics.
In a world where comic books are real - The final issue is Evil! In the City Of Darkness, where the spirit of the times is an insatiable lust for flesh and blood, a hero stands alone. You are Darksheer, and your nemeses will stop at nothing: the vampiric Succubus, Tophat the Magician, the masochistic Master Macabre and their demonic allies have joined forces to indulge in fantasies of carnage worthy only of the end of time. Night Dive Studios presents Noctropolis, a beautifully rendered, adult graphic adventure about the grisly things you dream. New Enhanced Edition for Steam! High-quality, remastered OST Original bonus Comic Book included Improved mouse support - You can rebind left and right click function to any mouse button; scroll wheel can be used to navigate in-game menus and comic books Improved keyboard support - You can rebind virtual left and right click keys; page up and page down act the same as the mouse scrollwheel. Can use number keys to make choices during dialogue trees. Can adjust sensitivity of virtual pointer. Support for modern displays with ability to toggle between fullscreen and windowed mode SDL 2.0 Game controller support added, with rebinding and sensitivity controls supported. Several game crashing bugs from the original code were fixed. Dead-end situations in game play were removed. Optional linear texture filtering. Three-band equalized, filtered sound mixer.
Shudder is a high speed, twin-stick shooter with one stick and no shooting, that sits somewhere in the middle of Geometry Wars, Pac-Man and Snake. Lost in an interdimensional wormhole, players must absorb the powerful cosmic cells in order to charge up the awesome power of the SHUDDER Drive 9000TM and release it against the unrelenting onslaught of interstellar Para-Bugs. Shatter Vortex-Cubes and decimate the bio-organic threat to rack up high scores and harvest rare resources to unlock more powerful ships and increase your chances of survival. Rack up high scores. Gather rare resources. Convert resources into more powerful currency. Purchase new and upgraded ships. And SAVE THE UNIVERSE! Prepare to shudder them damn bugs! Approved controls: Xbox 360 Gamepad Xbox One Gamepad Playstation 4 Gamepad Keyboard - WASD or Arrow Keys, Space to Shudder and P to Pause
At first sight, Cubot is a puzzle-game with a minimalist gameplay , just move color cubes towards tiles of the same color. It's really easy, but it will be a torture for your mind to complete all levels of the game because the apparent simplicity of the game is in contradiction with the complexity of the level-design. Moreover, an important point in the gameplay is if you have multiple cubes, they move simultaneously ! Features: Easy gameplay , just move cubes... that's it! Simplistic but not repetitive , use different elements to achieve your goal: buttons, elevators, color swappers, teleporters... The game and menus have a clean look to not disturb your concentration. In the same vein, the music is very soothing. There are 80 levels for several hours of playing to keep you challenged. The challenge increases level by level . If you are stumped, help is available!
Through the eyes of Allied, German and Russian squad leaders, experience the most immersive World War II time strategy game where each battle is played out and won differently based on your tactical choices. Key features: Get immersed in the heat of the world war II, command American, English, Soviet and German troops during world-renowned battles that include D-Day, new winter missions and the storming of Berlin Complex team AI for new tactical opportunities: AI controlled soldiers don't simply execute any order given by a player, they think how to do it in the most efficient and safe way. Realistic physics: anything can be destroyed or manipulated and used to player's advantage Improvised player tactics, advanced AI reactions and real time physics guarantee players that missions will never be fought the same way. Up To 16 players via LAN. Faces of War is affected by the GameSpy shutdown on the 31st of May. You can continue to play the game through LAN, DirectIP and GameRanger.
The game takes place on Whiperwind prison, you're the newest inmate there and a terrible event ocurred while you were sleeping, now it's up to you to discorver what happened and why it happened, searching for evidences, solving puzzles, taking decisions. The story is very subtle, you'll need to explore, read the notes and messages left and think to discover how everything happened and decide what to do! You'll control the character on first person and you will be able to interact with the ambient as you acquire items, like lockpicks, crowbars, and many more! The puzzles are a little hard for newer players, if you have played other similar games you will probably understand the mechanics a little faster. The graphics are based on a VHS recording with pixelated rendering. The world has a lot of details and storytelling to immerse you on this world. The music is creepy and keeps you on the suspense mood!
Based on the classicarcade racing style and console kartracers, thisFast Paced racer brings you into the track in virtual reality. With both utilityand sport vehicles, Gumball Drifttakes you on a tour of the world. Racing both on and off road, gain powerful pickups and added awards while you hold the lead and leave your opponents in the dust! Gumball Rally is an arcade racer that takes you back to the fast paced action of top down cart racing, now in virtual realty! Take to the track with a God like perspective, with complete control of your racing vehicle with a joystick controller. Avoid contact with the other racers to keep your car in one piece, or else you might find yourself in a fiery wreck. Use helpful power ups found around the track, like car repair packs, protective force fields, and even speed boosting nitro. But watch out, your opponents can use those pickups as well, and might fight you for them. Race either by yourself against some competitive AI, or with friends via online multiplayer in a virtual reality race room, where you can talk smack and watch the other drivers in a remote racing league. For those brave enough to join the battle with the Oculus Rift or at Room Scale with the HTC Vive, a VR version of the game will put you directly in the race as you experience remote miniature carracing. Complete VR immersion can be experienced with in-game VR menus, HUDS, stats,controls and gauges.
Experience the prologue of The Palace on the Hill, a slice of life adventure set in 90s India. A story of a teenaged boy Vir, full of ambition and struggle with a sprinkle of romance. Emotional story Vibrant hand-painted watercolour graphics. Indian Cooking Relaxing puzzle based painting mechanic 15th century Indian royal palace exploration
Ascending Madness is a hardcore, psychedelic, twinstick shooter with a dark trippy vibe and fast fluid combat. Take on the role of a merciless bounty hunter as he encounters increasing madness while on a mission. Assassinate a renegade scientist and her group of devout followers who appear to have gone completely insane. Fast Combat Across Diverse Arenas Bosses! Intense Futuristic Weaponry, like the 'Flame Sword' , 'Sniper Laser' , and 'Pulverizer' Waves of Bizarre Monstrosities Interesting Rune Upgrades for your Battlecraft Story Mode Involving the Psychedelic, the Spiritual, and the Surreal Challenge Mode to Compete for High Scores Colorful and Gritty Art Style The Meaning of Life
Something strange has happened. No one knows what. It is unstoppable. Our civilization is almost dead but Jack Bowman has to save his wife. Do you want to know how this story finishes? Choose your weapon and fight against alien swarm in Asian agglomeration. The Purge Day is the first person narrative, immersive horror shooter designed exclusively for VR. TPD contains : Suspenseful story Interesting and challenging achievements High quality sounds and voiceovers A large selection of weapons Immersive and not easy gameplay A large number of opponents Each chapter finishes with a powerful boss No motion sickness
About HexoJago is a brand new story RPG action game. You have to find your home and get back to your bed. Complete the tasks and get the answers. Get help from grandfather Murat and fight back to your house. Go to the 23rd dimension and go on an adventure by completing quests. Equip your mighty hexo sword and slash enemies until you find your way home. You can use the ARROW keys to move.
McPixel is a save-the-day guy that you guide through 100 short challenges in an old-school point'n'click fashion. The goal in each challenge is to prevent stuff from blowing up using available tools! You have only 20 seconds to save the day! Think quick! Key features: 100 mindblowing levels Bonuses, secrets and more Free DLC for everyone! 185 BMP ear piercing music! Switchable pixel filters Level creator McPixel Fart Along McPixel Social Largest pixels on the market up to date! Save the day the McPixel way!
Fantastic Contraption is surreal building game for virtual reality. Create life-sized machines as tall as you can reach, then send them whirling, flinging, and trundling off to solve puzzles on the other side of a floating island. Your task is simple: get the squishy purple ball to that goal off in the distance, or above you, or on the other side of that gap. And your tools are elegantly minimalist: spinning wheels and stretchable rods. But the solutions are endless, and there are no right or wrong ones. We've designed this game from the ground up for room-scale VR. Come immerse yourself in a strange skybound archipelago and befriend Neko the photosynthesizing cat. Build contraptions with your own two hands, life sized and as big as horses, right there in front of you. Play with the physics, juggle pieces, throw darts, and feel another world all around you. Features: Challenging puzzles. 50 official levels that range from cakewalk to what-the-hell-this-is-impossible-right-tell-me-this-is-impossible. But guess what, it IS possible. I think. Infinite solutions. Working cars, tanks, catapults, conveyor belts, walking creatures or minimalist structures that use only gravity. Design for elegant simplicity, or build a rattling pile of junk that just barely makes it to the goal. Whatever. Building with your own hands. Movement so simple and natural you'll forget you're holding controllers. Need a wheel? Just pick it up. Want a longer rod? Just grab an end and stretch. It's like playing with children's blocks, except they're bigger than you are. Noble ancestry. Fantastic Contraption is the VR evolution of Colin Northway's 2008 2d browser game, played by millions and still playable for free . But don't be fooled, this new game is WAY different. Full 3d audio and music. Actually, this game has no music. What it does have is musical instruments. Except you have to build them. Well... you'll figure it out. Surreal and beautiful landscape. Hey guy, chill here awhile, why don't you just lie down in the grass and just listen to the sky whales singing? You'll totally forget the dystopian present and the 300 sqft windowless cube you now live in. Who needs sunlight? VR. Neko the toolbox. Yes, your toolbox is alive, and he's kind of a green cat blimp thing powered by pink farts. He doesn't seem to mind when you pull off one of his tails or yank a pin out of his head. They grow back pretty fast, so I guess it's okay... Online sharing. Venture bravely into the dark world-within-a-world to load contraptions made by your friends and also some random people. Marvel at the crazy crap they came up with. Then narrow your eyes and say: I can beat this. I can do better. Level Editor. Make your own puzzles to share with your friends and the community. Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
A god falls. A rift opens. A hero rises. Prime Mover is a game about designing circuit boards from 4Bit Games. In this open-ended puzzle game, you build circuit boards to solve a wide variety of logic and computer science inspired problems. Compare the speed and efficiency of your unique solutions with your friends and the world. Work your way from transistor to processor, uncover the story of the Byte of Burden! Design Circuit boards - Design and build Circuit boards that solve a wide variety of logic and computer science inspired problems. Open-ended puzzles - There are infinitely many ways to solve every puzzle, but some solutions are better than others! Compare your solutions with your friends on the online leaderboards and monitor trends with the global histograms. A toolbox of chips - Utilize a wide variety of components in your quest for optimization! Create circuits boards within circuit boards, within circuit boards! Vibrant soundtrack - Score by the amazing Jonathan Geer, composer of the Owlboy soundtrack. Uncover forgotten secrets - Memory fragments are scattered across the blueprint. Retrace the path of the Prime Mover to uncover the story of the Byte of Burden!
Nadia was Here is a gorgeous pixel RPG that is inspired by 8 and 16bit classics. Featuring a groundbreaking combat system and a deep, charming story about the value of life, Nadia was Here lets you play an oldschool RPG in a brand new way! Join the heroes of Nadia was Here on their quest. Fight epic battles with a battle system unlike any other, and develop your heroes in a completely new way. Explore a diverse world filled with classic dungeons and solve puzzles to unravel the mystery that plagues Amytah. Fast-paced battles: Mixing elements from time-management games and classic turn-based goodness for a truly unique real time experience. Develop your characters in a new way: Growing through learning new skills instead of leveling up, eliminating the need for random battles and grinding. Keep collecting: Gain new skills and become stronger during battles. Collect and upgrade powerful amulets. Engaging story development: slowly get to know the main characters, and grow to adore, love and hate them. Explore Amytah: Discover its many secrets and crack your brain on puzzle-centric dungeons.
Clown Thug Cop Zombies is a one of a kind game like you have never seen. You load into a zombie infested game area and are forced to search for weapons and defend yourself from evil zombie clowns, thugs, and cops!!!
Botanicula is a humor-filled adventure game created by the makers of award-winning Machinarium and Samorost series, studio Amanita Design and Czech band DVA. Five friends, little tree creatures, set out on a journey to save the last seed from their home tree which is infested by evil parasites. Key Features: Relaxed game perfect for hardcore gamers, their partners, families and seniors. More than 150 detailed locations to explore. Hundreds of funny animations. Incredible amount of hidden bonuses. Fantastic music and sound effects by fantastic band DVA Not one but five main characters with various skills and personalities. No text or lengthy dialogs to bore you. Bonuses for vigilant players at the end of the game.
CARRION is a reverse horror game in which you assume the role of an amorphous creature of unknown origin. Stalk and consume those that imprisoned you to spread fear and panic throughout the facility. Grow and evolve as you tear down this prison and acquire more and more devastating abilities on the path to retribution.
Welcome to a world of skillfull commanders, cunning tacticians and backstabbing schemers. Balanced Gameplay Become the winner by outsmarting your opponents or simply conquer them by force. It doesn't matter if you're a tactical genius or a novice, all players will start each game with the same conditions. Different Armies Chose between 3 different armies from 3 different eras each offering an unique playstyle to find the one that suits you the best, perform well in-game and several skins can be obtained to get even more unique. Technology Tree Features a unique technology tree for each army, gain technology points every 5 turns that you can use to enhance your strategies. 12 Player Free for all Engage in 12 player battles where everyone is against each other, or simply create a custom game to play with less or bring your friends to play in any kind of team composition you'd like. Control regions to increase your income Take control of all points in a region to increase your income with the amount of points in the region, controlling regions will grant you additional reinforcements. Balanced Gameplay Become the winner by outsmarting your opponents or simply conquer them by force. It doesn't matter if you're a tactical genius or a novice, all players will start each game with the same conditions. Leveling System Gain experience points after each match, gain in game currency after each level, special skins or loading borders each milestone up to level 100. Welcoming Community Join our new player friendly community, get tips on how to play or find a friend. Discord link in the Forum. Previously included in the Definitive Edition but now free for everyone! Singleplayer Campaign - Experience our singleplayer campaign with an epic story. Map Editor - Create your own maps, and share them for everyone to play! Ability to create custom games.
The Sentinel is a story game featuring horror and thriller. Your goal is to survive the wild conditions of the locals on this island, where you unwittingly fall. But it seems that it will make things a little difficult for you to be schizophrenic.
You love to geocache. It's a good way to escape the daily life. You like doing it alone and at night. It has that special adrenaline rush. But what will you do, when you find out that you're not alone? Hunted: One Step Too Far, was the first game of indie game developer DK Productions. In 2022 The Remastered Version is in the Works. It is a short horror game that combines adventure, survival and walking simulator elements to one unique mix. Expect to explore threatening environments while you are looking for the geocache. Game Features: - multiple open area levels - no cheap jumpscares - living world - atmospheric soundtrack - creepy environments - unique enemies - unique story -Please check the system specs. If your computer does not have the recommended hardware, please don't purchase this game. Do yourself a favor: Play this game at night. In the dark. With headphones. This ensures the best possible game experience.
The well back to your job has been absorbed inside a sasquatch sex amulet. Journey through 15 levels of absurdist human history to try and bring it back and recreate a new society where you may or may not have to go back to work. Play as a rat dog witch who escapes her job through a hidden vault and enters the Fuzz Dungeon - a space in between thought and reality, where ideas ruminate in limbo before turning into real life consequences. By entering different buildings throughout the dungeon you take on many different forms from 8-bit style to hand drawn to a 3d satellite bird that shoots down floating space heads. Travel through an absurdist version of human history as you try and find a sasquatch sex amulet that will, for some reason, enable you to visit the suburbs of the Fuzz Dungeon where you can defeat a sasquatch statue and abolish bad ideas forever. Features: -15 unique levels, each with a different game play. -Unique musical score by Chris Parrello and Lobby Hotel -Full controller support -Around 90 minutes to complete but each level has a ranking system where you can return to complete challenges and achievements.
Anderson is a story-driven, escape-the-room style game. It's a short and quirky experience that's free to download and play. CAN YOU ESCAPE THE MYSTERIOUS ROOM AND SOLVE THE SECRETS BEHIND YOUR CAPTIVITY? Selected for E3 2018 IndieCade Showcase!
Enter the virtual world of Under A Killing Moon , where it is December 2042, and you, as Tex Murphy, must stop the forces of evil before they destroy mankind and rob you of your next unemployment check. This thrilling and hilarious adventure is unlike anything you've seen before. The graphics quality, the fascinating, believable characters, and complete freedom of movement will make you feel like you've actually walked through the screen and become the main character in a rich, intriguing mystery movie. Access Software's Under A Killing Moon features: Four CDs of unparalleled graphics and sound. Full freedom of movement, explore where, when and what you want! Be part of an exciting comedy thriller! Top-notch Hollywood talent. Extensive built-in hints. An interface that makes interaction intuitive and simple. Full fidelity 16 bit 22Khz sound. Starring Brian Keith, Margot Kidder, and Russell Means. Features the voice of James Earl Jones. Almost 2.4 gigabytes! Simply the biggest and best entertainment CD product ever produced!
'It's called Spontaneous Silly Head Syndrome and it affects fewer than 1 in 7 billion....' Marlo was born with a curious case of Spontaneous Silly Head Syndrome, a rare disorder which makes the individual suffer temporary transformations. How does Marlo cope with such a condition, is there a cure? Join Marlo in this one of a kind, narrative driven, mockumentary style adventure game. Learn about Marlo's life through compelling monologues, solve fun puzzles to help him overcome his odd condition and figure out just what the heck is happening to him! The Mind of Marlo is best described as an absurd combination of TV show The Office and classic point and click adventure games of yore.
Destroy incoming ships to progress to the next stage using the weapons at your disposal. Some enemies will head straight for you, some will trick you... Upgrade your ship using credits to keep one step ahead of the enemy! Defeat the motherships, but make sure you are prepared, they can be tough! Challenge the world or your friends in the Steam leaderboards! - 30 progressive levels - A collection of 36 achievements - 'Classic' mode, destroy asteroids just like the good old days! - 'Standstill' mode, destroy as much as you can while you can't move! - 'X-FIRE' mode, unlimited X-FIRE weapon usage, but it's not as easy as you think... - Stunning visuals mixing retro and modern graphics - Progressive difficulty to keep you out of your comfort zone - Gamepad support.
Hammerfight is about 2D battles of flying machines equipped with various slashing, piercing and blunt weaponry.A unique combat system is based on realistic physics simulation, and it ties the movements of the rider to the movements of your mouse. As you wave the mouse, your rider swings his warhammer, smashing the foe into the wall! This creates an unequaled feel of the real strike, a feel of the mass of the weapon in your hands. Simulated physics and direct mouse control creates a huge variety of possible battle techniques and an unlimited field for perfecting one's fighting skill. Intuitive mouse control Realistic physics, breakable objects Great storyline High quality art More that 50 weapons 3 additional modes, up to 4 players
SpyParty is a competitive espionage game about human behavior, performance, perception, and deception. While most spy games have you machine-gunning stuff, blowing things up, and driving fast, SpyParty has you hide in plain sight, blend into a high-society cocktail party, deceive your opponent, and detect subtle behavioral tells to achieve your objectives and not get shot. Finally you can be like the suave and confident spies you find in films or books, risking it all by doing the final mission right in front of the sniper as the clock runs out! There are plenty of games that explore being a super-powered commando with an infinite supply of ammunition and no brains; SpyParty is a new and quite different game about the more interesting, deeper, and more subtle aspects of being a spy. The current main gameplay mode is 1v1 Spy versus Sniper online multiplayer, although there is limited single-player Sniper play right now, and a single player Spy and Sniper practice mode for trying out missions and whatnot. See the SpyParty Steam Discussions for an FAQ and links to more information. If you're wondering where the MacOS X port went, see that FAQ! I need to delay it until after SEA launch because I hit a few technical snags, but the non-Steam MacOS will continue to work, and I'll get it working on Steam soon after SEA launch hopefully!
Floors of Discomfort is a fast paced, extremely difficult, rogue-lite, platformer. Choose from one of five unlockable characters, each with their own back stories, and reasons for being in the lair of Nexrolis. Each character offers a different style of gameplay. Play as the Pumpkin and absorb damage with the Thorn Shield, or choose the Skeleton Wizard and keep your distance while dealing damage from afar. Collect coins to spend in the shop, or kill Elites and collect rare items to assist you along the way. Battle through six increasingly difficult levels, and destroy Nexrolis to avenge the life that he took away from you. Floors of Discomfort combines the best of three different worlds to give one awesome experience. We have drawn from the roguelike idea of procedural generation and permadeath, making Floors of Discomfort feel different every time it is played. We have taken from platformers by adding simple platforming like gameplay, giving a different feel to what might be expected from a game like FoD. We have drawn from action games, making Floors of Discomfort a very fast paced, challenging, experience that will keep you on your toes the entire run. These three aspects come together to create a game that offers a unique experience that is both rewarding, and satisfying.
Practice soccer and other sports the way they are meant to be played: sitting on a couch with your friends! Soccertron is a local multiplayer sports game for up to 4 players with a simple premise: Kick the ball or your friends to win the match! Play across 5 different game fields resembling some typical ball games: soccer, basketball and volleyball. But beware! There's no referee around and everything is allowed, even the most treacherous actions! The game mechanics are simple and accessible but matches are fast and unexpectedly fun, leading to friendly rivalry across the different game fields. Ideal for parties and 'king of the couch' sessions! Game Features: Fast and frenetic action for up to 4 players . Five different game fields ranging from easy to infuriatingly hard. Competitive bots capable of multiple roles: defense, attack and all around. But really, play with friends. Game Fields Soccertron : Futuristic soccer-like game Shrinkotron : Reinventing the old-classics, shrink the other player's goal to win. Basketron : Basketball! With neons! In the future! Volleytron : Don't let the ball touch your field! Pittron : Try not to fall on the pit! Beware of the holes! Tournament : The winner of 3 out of 5 matches wins! Game FAQ Can I play solo? Yes, of course! The game features a competent bot which you can play against. But seriously, play it with friends. Is it online multiplayer? No. Right now it's only local multiplayer. I have another question Feel free to ask your questions on our Steam group: Erosa Games Steam Group
In this game, you'll have to match pets in order, but to place one to another you've got to strike it straight up from the bottom. Be amazed by the amount of the cuteness pets in this innovative mechanics 'match-3' puzzle style game! Discover plenty of exciting levels filled with adorable characters and overall pleasant atmosphere. Download Now! Enjoy one awesome and addicting gameplay of 'Cutie Paws'. Beat stages, compete against friends and get the highest scores throughout these cute adventures! Move cute pets across the playing field. Make lines of identical pets to remove them from the field and complete a task. Start a merry journey across incredible floating islands in this Windows game.
KENDAMVR Is the world's first virtual reality Kendama game! What is a Kendama? The Kendama is a traditional Japanese skill toy dating back to the 1700s which has recently gained a huge following worldwide. Comprising of a ball, three cups and a spike on which to catch it, the Kendama may seem simple at first but offers near unlimited scope for play styles and tricks. KENDAMVR Brings the world of Kendamas to virtual reality for the first time! Practice tricks and catches in a number of relaxing zen environments, or test your skills against various time trial and trick ladder challenges!
Pajama Sam is off on a nutritiously edible adventure! Pajama Sam chases down some snickering cookies, only to find himself in the midst of a food squabble! The fats and the sweets are taking over Mop Top Island and an emergency peace conference has been called, but four of the delegates are missing! Now, it's your turn to spring into action to help Pajama Sam find the missing delegates, put a stop to the sticky quarrels, bring peace to Mop Top Island, and still make it home in time for dinner. Meet friends along the way - friendly food walks, talks and even tell jokes. Explore and Learn: Investigate every location. There is something new to learn with every click! Interact with the characters and listen closely for clues. It's a different game each time you play. This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2. For more information, please visit - The GNU GPL can be viewed here - -2.0.html
'A strange thrumming then, not in the air or ears. Sensed dully in a way that I'd never felt before...' From doublespeak games, the creative force behind the award-winning narrative adventure A Dark Room. Penrose is a non-linear interactive novella unlike anything you've played before. Scroll forwards and backwards through an ever-changing story, causing ripples of effect that can change the past as well as the future. Manipulate the environment, explore every possibility, and unravel the mystery at the heart of everything. Featuring a hauntingly original score written and recorded by international artist VANCORVID. Manipulate the environment. Change the words and watch the effects ripple across the past and the future, with even subtle adjustments affecting the characters in unexpected ways. Catastrophe and salvation both are at your fingertips. Explore every possibility. Track your progress through an ever-evolving narrative with characters weaving in and out of overlapping, branching perspectives. Unravel the mystery at the heart of everything. An all-new original work by the creator of the acclaimed narrative idle-game, A Dark Room. Steam edition comes with a brand new desktop-optimised interface, controller support, achievements, and never-before-seen concept art.
Intake is the new retro-futuristic drugstep arcade shooter from Cipher Prime. In this polychromatic love child of Dr. Mario and Ikaruga, you battle a never-ending barrage of pills, pushing your skill and reflexes to the limit to avoid a lethal dosage. Blast and combo your way through an epic cascade of audiovisual mayhem so intoxicating it comes with its own warning label. FEATURES Classic Arcade Shooter: From its aspect ratio to its fast-paced game play, Intake is directly inspired by classic arcade shooters and SHMUPs with just a hint of FPS love. Achievements: Over 70 finely tuned achievements that will teach even the most hardcore player new tricks. These are not your typical progress-only achievements. High Scoreboard and Game Stats: Keep track of your high scores and decimate your friends. Challenge Modes: Acceleration, Minefield, Reaction, and Flood modes will challenge every aspect of how you play. Gameplay Changing Features: Grab vitamins while you play and trade them in for intense game upgrades. You can even turn the game into a SHMUP if you show your skills. Dubstep Soundtrack: Infinite wubs. Classy ones. Colorblind Modes: Intake offers colorblind modes for players with deuteranopia, protanopia, and tritanopia. Full Steam Support
Outnumbered and outgunned in deep space? No problem! Turn your enemies' attacks into pure bullet heaven with your advanced Schildmaid technology and start collecting dangerous projectiles to power up your ship and score big! But when your shield runs out and danger time kicks in, you better switch up your strategy fast... Schildmaid MX is a fresh, new and shiny 2D shoot 'em up in which you pick 1 of 3 ferocious space fighter crafts to wreak havoc on the invasion fleet that threatens your planet. Embark on multiple attack runs and put fear in the hearts of the enemy. The best pilots are immortalized on the online leaderboards! Schildmaid MX features: delicious bullet absorbing scoring mechanics; a friendly difficulty curve for beginners in Jaeger Mode; instant action and a frantic challenge for veteran shmup players in Krieger Mode; a true endless survival gauntlet for the most die hard players in Chimera Mode; a short and seriously spicy playthrough that tests your mastery of the game's mechanics in Sieger Mode; extra versions of both Jaeger Mode and Krieger Mode that push scoring and survival past their original limits; multiple secret boss fights that activate via specific player actions and achievements; 3 selectable ships; numerous loops that progressively introduce new enemies and situations across most game modes; more than 40 handcrafted stages, spread out over the different game modes; automatically saved checkpoints after each cleared stage in Jaeger Mode; online leaderboards with viewable replays and statistical breakdowns; unlockable achievements and titles for your player profile; amazingly catchy OST by Ed Tremblay of Studio Mudprints; optional proper CRT display emulation for a beautiful, nostalgic look.
Welcome to The Pillar! Mystery puzzle game on even more mysterious Island. MYSTERY Cleverly mixing mystery and puzzle-solving, the Pillar takes you deep into an unknown world where you explore and relish your surroundings. Each Island has its own unique feel and secrets and it's up to you to solve them. PUZZLES In order to solve puzzles, you must pay attention to things around you as they change and evolve. Keep a clear and open mind as you approach them which unfolds another room to another mystery, another puzzle, and a challenge. ESCAPE Your only hope is to find your way from the everchanging maze of puzzles and escape the mythical cage. Can you solve them all and.... wake up? Dozens of challenging puzzles await you to solve them!
Xibalba is a first person shooter game, a tribute to the greatest classics of the 90's like Doom, Wolfensetin, and Duke Nukem. In this game you will take the role of Acoatl, a young indigenous man who follows the trail of thieves in the jungle, arriving at some ancient Mayan ruins that he had never seen. Delve into them and prepare to face the ancient horrors that the Mayans and other cultures left behind. Throughout three chapters you will experience great challenges that will test your mettle, as well as the satisfaction of victory. Your enemies are varied, lethal, and implacable, and you should be more so. With your weapons from a simple revolver, to sawed-off shotguns, magic rocket launchers, flamethrowers, and the help of your courage, you will be able to dominate the creatures that filled Ibero-American nightmares and myths for centuries. From small chaneques, through mythological vampires, the legendary Nahuales, to creatures that the mere mention of their name caused terror. You will walk the long and narrow corridors of ancient temples, infested with enemies who only yearn to take your life, and it is in you not to make them easy. The further you go, the closer you get to the underworld. Xibalba welcomes you.
ThrounnelVR is a tetris-like puzzler with a first-person view. Controls: - Use your HMD to move the blocks, and your game controller or keyboard to rotate them. - Long press ESC to quit the game. - You can use VIVE controller now!
Embark on a spine-chilling journey into the heart of an animated nightmare with Mirage: Beyond the Screen powered by Unreal Engine 5. In this unique adventure horror-ish game set in a cartoon world, you'll unravel the mysteries of a haunted reality where the line between reality and computer game blurs. Dive headfirst into an ethereal realm where dreadful illusions come to life, and otherworldly presences lurk around every corner. Navigate through cryptic shadows and face spectral enigmas as you strive to unveil the dark secrets hidden in this cartoon universe. Encounter nightmarish entities with ghastly apparitions and navigate a mystic puzzles fraught with unseen terrors. As you traverse cursed perceptions and explore obscure realms, brace yourself for a surreal nightfall where demonic mirages and sinister reflections challenge your sanity. Beyond the veil of this animated world lies an enigma of eldritch aberrations and a vortex of fear that pulls you deeper into the adventure. Experience ghostly intrusions and shattered illusions as you embark on an astral descent into the unknown, where eerie echoes and lurking shadows heighten the suspense. Experience a captivating blend of adventure and horror, immersing players in a captivating cartoon nightmare that defies the boundaries of traditional gaming. Are you ready to face the animated horrors that await, or will you become just another character lost in the twisted storyline? Enter the cartoon world of nightmares, and let the journey begin.
Journey through over 75 breathtaking locations across 5 diverse regions, each echoing the richness and allure of ancient China's tradition and landscape. Explore a world filled with bustling ancient Chinese towns, scenic mountains, picturesque rivers, dangerous lairs, treacherous terrains and more! Utilizing Unreal Engine 4, Wandering Sword portrays a captivating blend of traditional pixel art graphics seamlessly layered onto immersive 3D landscapes. Drawing upon the charm of classic pixel-based martial arts games, the game infuses modern visual effects to elevate every moment in its Wuxia world. Wandering Sword introduces an innovative combat system that operates on a tiled board and offers players the flexibility to switch between turn-based and real-time mode. This dual mode approach caters to both traditional RPG players who prefer a slower pace and those who enjoy real-time action that demands quick reflexes. Wandering Sword brings to life a diverse array of martial arts moves and weaponry. As you traverse the land, you'll unravel hundreds of martial arts techniques and weapon styles. Cultivate your energy through meridian points, gain expertise in both external and internal forms, and achieve true mastery of martial prowess. In Wandering Sword, building relationships with NPCs is an integral part of your journey. Recruit up to 14 unique martial artists to join you on your adventures, each with their distinctive abilities. Who knows, you may even find love in this intricate world of martial arts! Delve into an immersive Wuxia adventure with Wandering Sword. Boasting multiple endings shaped by your choices you make and a plethora of side quests that supplement the main storyline, enjoy over 20 hours of engaging gameplay that promises high replayability and a fresh experience with each adventure.
Aqua Panic! is a puzzle game that'll put your brain to the test over more than 60 levels! Make the best use of the interactive environment, avoiding obstacles and predators to lead the fish to freedom! To help you, you can use a variety of tools: - Missiles that can destroy part of the background - Plants that you can grow to corral the fish - Harpoons to get rid of the most dangerous enemies - Ice to freeze the water and create new passageways And lots more! Aqua Panic! also has 3 game modes: - Adventure mode, where you guide the fish to the ocean as the seasons pass by, and in which you can try to gather all the coins in the levels. - Free mode, which lets you replay your favorite levels and purchase the equipment you want using the coins you've gathered in Adventure mode. - Survival mode, in which you start with a limited number of fish. Your goal is to lose as few as possible during the levels, and to try to finish as many levels as you can! So what are you waiting for? Save them all!
The faith of the forest is threatened by evil forces. A mysterious curse has turned your human body into a small mushroom and your world is invaded by molds, but not all is lost! Your new form comes with new abilities. It's up to you to break this spell and save the forest, maybe you'll even get your humanity back! 'Smashroom' is an indie platform-adventure. The main character is a small mushroom with the ability to explode at will, making his way through the levels of the game. The explosive-skill can also be used as a 'mid-air jump' and part of the level design revolves around this characteristic. Another important feature is the simple 'level-up' system the player can use to improve specific skills, such as the attack rate, the defense and the special elemental damage. New skill-levels can be reached by collecting points which are obtained from enemies, boxes and destructible rocks. The game is compatible with PS4 controllers.
The Evil Crackman and his minions are causing mayhem, and only Clash Force is up to the task of stopping his fiendish plans! Guide Voom, Scorpido, or Echid through forest bases, hydrofied deserts, underground mines, and eventually to Crackman's Flying Fortress where the final battle will unfold! FEATURES! Over 20 stages of frantic retro action Multiple weapon upgrades to make wasting enemies a snap! Normal, Hard, and Expert difficulties! Perfect for the novice OR the 1980s game masters. Auto-save feature lets you pick up where you left off!
Escape school to obtain some extra points by making contact with an alien race? Easy ! Save the Universe by re-tuning some weird dimensional chords? Most probably ! Find a new bass player to join our band just in time for the local concert? Heavy problematic ! GAME FEATURES Hand made graphics with animations of great quality with the pixel-toon style Voice acting stars from the graphic adventure scene An original soundtrack performed by real indie bands And more ! This adventure plays honor to the great Lucas Arts, Sierra and Delphine software of yore
Do you have fond memories of playing old style platform games, where you didn't have to learn a hundred button combos to play it successfully? Canyon Capers is just for you if that's the case. Canyon Capers is a retro style arcade platform game for all ages, created by the authors of the 1992 original. Starring DinoJr and his many friends as they venture through the canyons and caverns of ancient ruins in historical locations, to reach the ultimate goal, retrieval of the Golden Mollusk , source of all universal power and a mighty fine trophy at that. With a finely tuned difficulty curve, from nice and easy, all the way to rock hard, just like old school platforming used to be. Canyon Capers will make you rely on your wits, your memory and at times, seat of the pants twitch gaming. Simple to play, hard to master classic retro platform gaming Full steam support... achievements, stats, leaderboards, and cloud support Trading cards, emotes, backgrounds and badges to earn 50 levels each with 3 levels of completion, each with many ways to complete... find your best path to fame and riches Race to the end, collect all the items and unlock the unique bomb levels Unlock new characters, each with their own unique abilities as you complete canyons and worlds Tongue in cheek nods to your favorite classic retro games Tons of secrets and collectibles
Plant seeds to grow guns! GunWorld is a love letter to 8-bit action games, it's an homage to everything great about classic game design and action heroes of the 1980s! An emphasis on high challenge and non-linear progression means GunWorld is not for the faint of heart. Players will be challenged to complete a series of levels in any order they choose, unlocking new weaponry as they do. With each new piece of equipment additional options present themselves, encouraging experimentation and repeated level runs.
What if someone knew your mind better than you did? The Swapper is an award-winning, narrative driven puzzle game set in the furthest reaches of space. The Swapper takes place in an isolated and atmospheric sci-fi world. Players wield an experimental device which allows them to create clones of themselves, swapping their entire consciousness into new bodies to overcome the challenges of the environment. Key Features: Think: Fiendishly designed puzzles with equally clever solutions that are never more than a few steps away. Wonder: The art in The Swapper is constructed using clay models and everyday materials, which combine to create truly unique visuals in a detailed and atmospheric environment. Discover: A powerful and thoughtful story, told through the game's environment with narrative design from Tom Jubert, the writer behind hits including Driver: San Francisco and Faster Than Light.
Immerse yourself in a spectacular luxury apartment full of magic for you to explore! What wonders await you: Soak-in the atmosphere of an aesthetically-beautiful environment that you'll never want to leave! Experience 'magical realism' with impossible animated events that you'll not soon forget! Sit down and relax while enjoying videos on your massive flatscreen TV! Pilot a miniature attack-helicopter or Sopwith Camel over tables and chairs! Change furniture colors, artwork, and plants to your taste! Listen to wonderful old-time music and radio dramas on your antique radio! Explore a tropical aquarium in your own minisub! Toggle between night and day with a single click! Race your toy car down the hall and through chair legs! 55 interactive objects in all! If you enjoy this title, please check out VROOM: Galleon :
Moonlight is a short game, about a little character named Kinubo and his quest to the moon! Kinubo finds himself in a new village while looking for help on his quest, but most don't accept his presence. The characters here are a very tight bunch, and they don't take kindly to strangers! You must earn their acceptance, and the only way you'll ever make it to the moon, is to win them over one by one! Features A peaceful and atmospheric environment! A relaxing and beautiful soundtrack by Julio Kladniew! A lighthearted story! A little bit of hat swapping!
Pongo is a 3D action platformer that combines pogo stick jumps with strategic FPS combat. Grab your Pongo, a tool usable as either a pogo stick or a gun, to obliterate enemies and traverse the vast islands of Flubber. Balance rapid movement and high jumps with challenging combat, hordes of enemies, puzzles and traps at every turn. Grab your Pongo and let the adventure begin! Features Leap through over 45 challenging levels Obliterate monsters with your Pongo Avoid deadly traps and slay huge bosses Solve challenging puzzles and explore islands Enjoy charming 3D environments Jam to an exciting, quirky original soundtrack
A long time ago five enchanted keys were created. The keys were scattered around the lands, and they still remain undiscovered. Many have come to find them, and so far all have failed. Will you find the keys and unlock the secrets, or will you join the endless ranks of souls forever trapped within these lands? Sparkle 2 is the long-awaited sequel to the award-winning hit game Sparkle enjoyed by millions of players since 2007. Sparkle 2 is an independent sequel and a spiritual successor to the first installment suitable for both new and existing fans of the series. Features Experience premium action puzzle gaming Admire state of the art special effects Explore four game modes: Story, Survival, Challenge, and Cataclysm Discover over 90 unique levels throughout the story Supercharge your Slinger with over 200 combinations of 16 different Enchantments Find exciting locations and delve deep into the mystery Immerse yourself in a story narrated with professional voice overs Enjoy the soundtrack by the award-winning composer Jonathan Geer
Well this is a standard normal RPGmaker game. An ancient evil has arisen to threaten the world and an equally ancient and ritualized journey must be under taken to save said world. Gathering the power of the legendary Crystals, becoming the Legendary Hero, meeting your fated Hero Companions and defeating the Lich. Hopefully nothing will happen to complicate this simple dance. This game includes: - Turn based combat - Tricky dungeon puzzles - Terrible, terrible choices - Cooking mechanics! - The inevitable extinction of mankind
WHAT IS DINOSAUR HUNT? Dinosaur Hunt is a chaotic first person shooter that confronts heavily armed players with the most horrifying creatures that ever roamed the earth: Dinosaurs. THE SETTING The world of Dinosaurs is a ride that you will never forget THE PLOT The story is mindblowing and will make you crying in the corner FEATURES 1081 Achievements - thats right 1081 of them.
Cross of the Dutchman is an action adventure game based on the true story of the folk legend 'Pier Gerlofs Donia'. The story takes place in medieval Western Europe , in the province of Frisia, near the turn of the 16th century. Though Pier and his family lived in peace, the world around them was changing for the worse. Saxon legions were invading nearby villages, making the lives of the native people next to impossible. On one fateful day, Pier got involved with the Saxon oppressors, escalating the situation for the worse. The events portrayed in this great adventure caused Pier to gather a band of farmers and form a front against the oppressors. The acts that followed made Pier into the legend he is known for, the Cross of the Dutchman .
Play header on a whole new level! Dive into Virtual Reality and experience action-packed levels! One ball, one mission - HeadON! Prove your skills and overcome obstacles. Use unique Power-Ups to your advantage or get blown up by mean traps! Sports inside your livingroom! It's winter or you simply don't like other people around when you play? We have the solution! Live out your hobby - with HeadON! Sports in VR are fun and get you moving. Much as in real world, just cooler! Damn Sexy! This game is sexy, you are sexy - so HeadON! Renovation mode included! Your home's look bore you to death? HeadON! makes up for it, with it's fully functioning renovation mode. Play the game and freak out! Destroy everything in your living room! Go on a rampage! Now you have a completely valid reason to renew your home. We are not to be held responsible for any liability of possible damage to persons or property. Two Gamemodes HeadON! includes two gamesmodes in Early Access. Score Mode: Get as many points as possible: Increase your multiplier to achieve a new highscore. Hit targets to earn bonus points and fight against time! Goal Mode: Score as often as possible! Head past obstacles and our 'goalkeeper' but don't miss the goal! When you fail 5 times you're out. But you can save yourself by getting goalstreaks. Online Ranking Compare your skills to players all over the world and show them who is the best!
Case 00: The Cannibal Boy is a half-hour visual novel partly based on a true story, written by a writer with a background in psychology. It is a psychological horror story with an urban legend theme. Story Have you heard of the 'Cannibal Boy'? If you've heard his story, you have to hurry and tell someone who hasn't. Or else, he might just come get YOU... Characters 'You' A master's student in psychology. The topic of your master's thesis is 'judgment and decision making.' 'Are you going to do a case conceptualization?' Jade An interning psychologist. She is constantly smiling but her eyes always look shut. 'Eating is essentially a kind of possession, a kind of intimacy, just like having sex.' James A grad student who enjoys college life. He sometimes worries about whether he will find a decent job. 'It's the urban legend everyone's been talking about!' Grete Jade's BFF. She has a tendency to be passive aggressive and jumps to conclusions. 'Your fault your fault your fault your fault your fault...' Hans Grete's twin brother. He is prettier than girls. 'I can be there for Grete anyway.' The handsome guy Grete's crush. He is a mystery. 'I can't say exactly...'
Poor Joe. His wife left him and his son was killed in a tragic accident. Now he's been tasked with rescuing the King's daughter. Unfortunately for the bad guys, Joe's in a really bad mood. Bloodied Fear is a side scrolling beat 'em up and you take control of the hero, Joe. There are a variety of levels to fight through including caves, a haunted forest and some tough Boss fights. There is also a bonus driving stage, where you jump in a car and chase after the bad guys. Your mission is to reach the final level, defeat the evil Warlord Dragor and rescue the King's daughter Alira. You have deadly martial arts moves at your disposal as you punch and kick your way to justice. Rip your enemies apart Destroy your opponents and watch them explode Old school beat 'em up fighter Use martial arts moves to punch and kick your enemies Retro arcade action Works with Xbox, Steam, PS4 gamepads. Full keyboard support Single player game
Journey through a magical land teeming with mysteries to unravel. Baldo: the Guardian Owls is full of challenging puzzles to solve and intricate dungeons to explore. Traverse this captivating open world as Baldo, and meet a host of quirky and unforgettable characters, as you struggle to decipher the cryptic prophecy, and thwart destiny. From delightful whimsy to thrilling adventure, discover new towns and their distinctive inhabitants, fight ferocious foes, locate hidden temples, and collect objects both magical and mundane to obtain powerful new weapons, or to help unveil the myriad secrets of this strange land.
Ronin is stylish a turn-based action platformer following the exploits of a vengeful heroine determined to strike down five prominent figures of a powerful corporation. Move with precision by meticulously planning out each silent step, soaring leap, and devastating swing of your blade from the shadows as you seek your revenge. Turn-Based Action: Carefully plot your movements to setup the perfect strike before retreating back into the shadows or boldly confronting your opposition head-on with your katana. Decisive Strikes: Dispatch all that oppose you with your lethal blade and razor wire or avoid their attacks with a holographic replicator and grappling hook to find a more advantageous position. Path to Vengeance: Battle through over fifteen complex missions as you stalk and cut down five closely guarded figures within a secretive conglomerate.
Feeding a puppy has never been this fun. Place the machines, make the adjustments and enjoy this adorable husky crazy for DONUTS. Use shovels, drones, springboards and many other crazy machines to feed the puppy. PLACE ADJUST EAT Designed for lovers of physics-based puzzles; 40 handcrafted stages to be solved; Original soundtrack, designed to keep you immersed and focused on the game; Lots of love and thought in every detail of the game; Easy-to-learn, simple and intuitive controls;
Landflix Odyssey is an action platform in which players play as Larry, a lazy binge-watcher who finds himself trapped inside the streaming service after using special batteries. This incredible world is called Landflix! In order to return home he has to recover all five batteries ended up inside the TV shows on the Landflix platform. Landflix Odyssey is a clear reference to video-on-demand platforms and TV shows universe. In each TV show our hero can count on some special powers that will help him overcome obstacles and dangers in any game world. Our hero can move through parallel dimensions, use magic swords, do superhero stuff with superhero tools, take drugs to increase productivity and defend himself with a crossbow against hordes of zombies. 5 worlds inspired by some of the most famous TV shows; 5 special abilities make the gameplay exciting and different; 10 boss fights; An incredible set of unforgettable, unique enemies and boss Secret content to unlock
Can you beat the world of spikes with your epic car? Try to get as many points as possible and race! The goal is to get as many points as possible by racing through the gates. BUT watch out! There are dangerous spikes on the road!
Genital Jousting is an online and local multiplayer party game about flaccid penises and wiggly anuses for up to eight players at once. Players control a detached penis complete with testicles and an anus. Multiple game modes provide a stimulating orgy of objectives: penetrate and be penetrated as fast as possible or compete in absurd, silly and sexually suggestive games and challenges. New Story Mode Play as John, a dick who wants to find a date for his high school reunion. He'll need some help along the way. He's wobbly, he's soft. But he wants to be hard. So very hard. He wants to show everyone his astounding rigidity. And with your help, that's exactly what he'll do. Features If this is something that makes you uncomfortable or sounds unappealing, please do not purchase or play Genital Jousting, or even continue reading. Online and Local Multiplayer for Eight: Genital Jousting is more fun with friends and can satisfy up to eight players at once! Find a few willing partners, cuddle up on the couch, and share controllers or go online to joust with anonymous players from all over the world. Traditional and Party Modes: Dabble in the throbbingly fast-paced Traditional Mode or jostle your way through some stiff competition in Party Mode including challenges like Double Delight, Obstacle Intercourse, and Weiner Round Up. Customize Your Member: Genitals come in all shapes and sizes so pick your favorite color and decorate it with the most appealing outfit to customize a penis you can really get behind!
Ghostory is a 2D platformer designed around switching between physical and ghostly forms in order to solve increasingly taxing puzzles. Despite starting off with a curse, this is a light-hearted adventure, with an engaging plot, retro-styled pixel art graphics, and a wild menagerie of puns. Ghostory won the Best Student Project prize at Game Access 2016. In human form players can interact with levers, pick up keys, jump, and carry the backpack they'll have to leave behind when incorporeal. In ghost form, they can fly and pass through walls. Clever use of both forms is what will allow them to survive and escape the cave unscathed. The game comes packed with dozens of carefully-crafted levels meant to tax your logical and lateral thinking skills and is never afraid to introduce new mechanics and unique puzzles as players venture deeper into the cave. Ghostory, despite its simple controls, always remains challenging and keeps offering fresh, often multi-tier puzzles. Complex, occasionally fiendish puzzles. Dozens of unique levels. Smooth animations, and quality pixel art. Engagingly deep plot complete with rather silly puns. Atmospheric music to tie in with the detailed environments of each level. Smooth and responsive controls. Important mushrooms. In Ghostory, you take on the role of a lone traveler lost in the woods. Drinking water from a weird lake has placed a deadly curse on him, but also allowed him to transform into a ghost and fly - at will. Thankfully, an old and irritatingly funny lady can help him prepare the required antidote, but she will need a very special mushroom for this. A mushroom that only grows in a seemingly safe cave nearby. Surely, nothing can go wrong now.
Five Independent incidents. One shadow that penetrates everything. Students' horrible stories FIN is a horror game created with RPG Maker XP. Experience the charm of various characters as you progress through a organized story. Follow the directions of 'The Presenter' and move toward a 'True End' where 'Everyone' becomes 'HAPPY'. As the title suggests, it's a game that confronts an unknown horror, centered on students, not adults. Find out what threatens the innocent students and how to resist them. Depending on the Guest's choice, it may be closer or farther away from the 'True End'. But don't worry. If you don't give up, you can surely achieve your goal. Now, why don't you head for the 'True End', which is a common goal with me? - Iseru, The Presenter There is no coincidence in all incidents. - ??? I recommend it to these people People who like 'horror' but hate 'jump scare' A person who has no objection to reading long stories and pioneering A person who considers cost-effectiveness like 'The Creator' People who like 'Higurashi no Naku Koro ni' I do not recommend for these people Those who want short and thick horror I'm the one who can't read long texts. A person who does not view games as games but only as a implement Creator comment English - Translated up to Chapter 1. Chapter 2 Translation in progress I am not a translation expert, there may be some awkward sentences. If you report this, it will be very helpful to improve the quality of the translation.
Speed Sweeper A competitive minesweeper speed-runner! With multiple game modes, daily challenges, and online leader boards. Focused on enabling speed running, the game is tailored towards players of all skill sets. Take full control over the size of the game board, and amount of bombs. Customize the board Set custom board sizes, bomb amount, themes and backgrounds. Game modes include: Classic - Clear the board as fast as you can Speed - Make each move before the timer runs out Daily Challenge - Compete on the same board as everyone else 3 Lives - Mines don't instantly end the game. Tower - Complete 5 levels in a row
Land Doctrine is a 3D sandbox strategy game. You can design tanks, manage research, equip infantry, set up infantry training, optimize production and build combined arms battalions to crush your enemies. You have complete freedom to customize your army and you will need both superior designing and logistical skills as well as masterful tactics to outsmart your opponents and triumph on the battlefield. The combat system is based on measuring anti-tank firepower against armor and anti-personnel firepower against infantry cover while the combat distance gradually decreases during the battle. The terrain affects the starting distance of engagement, cover and tank maneuverability. Side, rear or top armor is exposed to enemy fire when tanks are fighting in complex environments, like woods, urban areas or marshland. It is an accurate and clever yet immediate system designed around the idea of optimizing your divisions. Therefore, research is an important part of the game. You can develop new tank engines, suspension, guns and infantry weapons or improve industrial efficiency and training methods. You can design a new tank, set up a production line to produce it and increase the production capacity by capturing enemy cities. Proper training is essential for victory. Inadequate training will cause increased casualties, while good training will generate combat bonuses. The training capacity is also limited: optimize carefully. You can manage infantry equipment at the platoon level. Select small arms and heavy weapons to provide the necessary firepower, then unleash it to see your enemies vanquished! Main features: - Randomly generated maps - More than 2100 possible tank designs - Tech tree with 99 research projects - Customizable infantry equipment with 23 infantry weapons - Custom training doctrines
This is a quest game built on the basis of superposition of real video and 3d-modelled surroundings. As the game is based on the Gogol's story 'Vij', the complications coincide with this work almost completely, with the only exception of the possibility for the player to try and save Homa Brut from his death, which seems inevitable. However, the player should remember, that the most of his attempts to change anything might also lead to the character's death. There's quite a range of original logic and arcade minigames. The player is easily plunged into the world that depicts the real world of the 18th century Malorossia. The player no more 'works' inside the game, carefully rummaging around the locations, afraid to skip something important; he or she lives in the world presented, doing the things he or she wants. - real artists - 35 locations - More than 3 hours high definition video. - More than 30 playable locations. - Arcade and logic games woven into the plot.
Feudal Alloy is an epic action adventure with fish-controlled medieval robots! Explore an unusual medieval world with a fish-controlled robot, Attu. Improve your combat techniques and skills by smashing many kinds of mechanical creatures in a beautiful hand-drawn world. Attu is an ordinary farmer robot who lives in a small cottage in sunflower fields. He had been living a simple but pleasant life until a bunch of outlaws attacked the village, stole their oil supplies and burnt his house. Fortunately, he managed to grab his old sword and fled into the woods. Get lost and discover a huge interconnected world, filled with a wide range of enemies, bosses, skills, and equipment. Choose which paths you take and which enemies you face. Try to defeat the evil and find your way back home. Features Fish-controlled medieval robots! A dynamic action-combat system with swords, grenades, dodges and other special attack moves A lot of different equipment that changes both player appearance and attributes A huge, interconnected world to explore, filled with a wide range of enemies Varied hand-drawn environments Loot, a lot of loot Hidden collectibles Secret areas Achievements
Welcome to Puzzle Island, a beautiful place where time stands still and there's nowhere you need to go. It's just you, the sand, the palm trees and of course the lovely ocean. But we wouldn't want you to get bored while you're here, so how about some puzzles to solve while the sun sets? In each level of Puzzle Island VR you're given various objects such as crates, buckets, balls or planks. Equipped with some of the most realistic ropes you've ever seen in a game, you'll need to somehow stack those objects to touch the glowing orb. Sounds easy, right? Well it isn't always. Sometimes the wind will blow your boxes away or the force-field prevents you putting that create exactly where you need it and often the solution is more challenging than simply stacking objects. The puzzles will require you to think like an engineer, keep cool like a martial arts grand-master, have a steady hand like a marksman and also think outside of the box like an inventor. Features Beautiful and realistic island : Perfect for presenting the capabilities of VR Super cool rope physics : Swing them and fling them, pretty amazing Family friendly : Show your kids the beach No time limits : Relax, become one with Puzzle Island and take as long as you need to solve the puzzles. Soundtrack : Atmospheric music will make you feel one with the ocean
Journey on an epic quest with Lethal and his elite party of warriors through a huge fantasy land. Play as Lethal and his companions in exciting turn based battles against a variety of fantasy creatures. 8 playable characters, all with unique abilities, armor and weapons. Turn-based combat featuring a diverse and engaging battle system. A huge world with 13 areas to explore, all with unique enemies and quests. Craft powerful armor and weapons from materials gathered from intense boss monster encounters throughout the kingdom. Over 50 story quests to complete. An arena that lets you put your abilities to the test, where you face off against more difficult versions of past encounters. Loads of pets to find that have special abilities to help you face your enemies in battle.
Have you ever wanted to have deep, meaningful conversations with a smoldering poltergeist who terrorizes rich men in Vegas? How about a ghost dog looking for his owner? Or maybe you'd rather rob a bank? Ghosts are into all sorts of things. Part horror, part comedy, and kinda sorta heartbreaking, Speed Dating for Ghosts is a game like no other about finding companionship and closure in the afterlife. Meet more than a dozen ghosts of oh so many backgrounds, genders, and time periods. Learn how they died, as well as how they lived, then help them find peace... if they like you enough to open up first. Based on what you say and how you say it, some dates may turn ugly. Not everyone gets along, even in the afterlife. Key Features A cast of characters including twelve eligible ghosts to meet and date, as well as memorable bonus weirdos like Fran, Gail, and Carl! Deep, branching conversations with markedly different outcomes depending on what you choose to say A full-fledged date with your favorite ghost that plays out like a text adventure after each speed dating session A wide range of quirky characters including spirits of vengeance, compassion, despair, and mischief Original music by Mikey Maybe, the musical alterego of game artist Mikey Hamm, and acclaimed recording artist Doug Hoyer. Content Warning: Contains frank discussions of death and its consequences, both seriously and with intentional humor.
Roundabout is a '70s B-Movie game where you drive a constantly revolving limousine! Pick up passengers, find secret collectibles, take on dangerous missions, and fall in love in an open world puzzle adventure. Roundabout is the debut title from No Goblin, a studio founded by designers of games like Destroy All Humans! , The Gunstringer , and Rock Band ! In Roundabout, you need to pick up passengers and drive them to their destinations. The catch: your limousine is constantly spinning in circles! To move around in Roundabout, you need to time your limousine's movement with the constant rotation in order to curve around obstacles, buildings, and more. Set in 1977, Roundabout tells the rise to fame story of Georgio Manos, arguably the world's most famous revolving chauffeur. While driving players around the town of Roundabout, players will learn about the dizzying highs, terrifying lows, and secret loves of a revolving limousine driver. You'll experience the seventies in the only authentic way possible: with full motion video set in the interior of a limousine. Features Drive a constantly revolving limousine through the crowded streets of Roundabout. '70s B-Movie Full Motion Video throughout the game adds a new spin to a classic rise to fame story. Open world puzzle action, featuring dozens of twisty streets, collectible pickups, and purchasable properties. Upgrade your limousine with new hats, horns, and paint jobs. A full suite of challenges to compete against your friends in. Dedicated eSports speedrun mode. Roundabout is the only official eSport endorsed by a talking skeleton. Big Head Mode. Also a number of equally fun game modifiers and extras that are not Big Head Mode.
Summoners have toppled empires and challenged gods. They are venerated as saviours and feared as destroyers. With rings crafted by the ancient Khosani, the gifted can call forth demons, dragons, and elementals, but only the strongest can control the forces they unleash. The Story: Born with the mark of the Summoner, Joseph possesses a power greater than emperors and gods. As a child, he summoned a demon to save his village, and watched in horror as those he loved were destroyed. Nine years later, the armies of Orenia invade, and Joseph must confront the prophecy he was born to fulfill. Key Features: Traverse a beautiful, completely original world spanning two continents. Up to 16 different creatures to summon and control in combat, such as minotaurs, golems, dragons, and original fantastical creatures. Cast spectacular spells. Wield an arsenal of weapons. Clad yourself in the armour of a warrior.
Have you always dreamed of joining Alice as she journeys in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass? In this Hidden Objects game, your dream comes true! Help the heroine solve puzzles and find cleverly disguised clues so she can advance through this wondrous land. Colorful 360 degree scenery, animation, and 3D visual effects will make your adventure vivid and fun. Those with a competitive streak can repeat the quest with new puzzles and have an opportunity to contend with other players. Key features: Experience unusual 360-degree panoramas and 3D views! Vibrant interiors Diverse challenges: there is the classic hidden objects based on name or outlines, finding identical items, and search for pairs of items. Another nice bonus: you will probably reach for Lewis Carroll's classic once again, and if your child has not read the book yet, playing the game together will be a sure way to spark interest! Dive into the world of fantasy!
Keep arriving and departing airplanes safe from collisions, while avoiding unnecessary delays. In this game you will work at the world's most complex airports. Human pilot voices, a radar screen, 12 different real-world airports, plus an awesome soundtrack make this game a must-have for anyone who likes aviation. Sound complicated? Airport Madness is for everyone, and it is very easy to learn. Do you have what it takes to be an air traffic controller at a busy international airport? You are paid the big bucks for your visualization skills and guts. Just like the real job of an air traffic controller, you must pay attention and keep your eyes moving. There is always something that you should be doing. You must give takeoff clearances, landing clearances and taxi clearances in a strategic effort to maintain safety and efficiency where there would otherwise be total chaos. This is not a spectator's sport! Can you hack it? The Airport Madness series began in 2008, and has sold more than 75,000 copies. Airport Madness: World Edition is the sixth and most popular version of the series. San Francisco Honolulu London Las Vegas Vancouver Anchorage New York JFK Madeira Barcelona Dubai Amsterdam Zurich Airport Madness has no in-app purchases or ads. Once you buy Airport Madness, you own all of it! Got a favorite airport? Send us a message and we'll consider it for a future update. Try it in 3D! Airport Madness 3D releases on May 25th!
JimJams games are a small, indie development team with a love for the retro games of the '80s and '90s. We only develop games that embrace that era, aiming to provide true classicly styled gaming, with a massive retro feel, maybe with a slight hint of what these games would have been with a little more processing power. We don't aim to develop AAA games, but simply to bring our passion for a time gone by to those who love truly classic themed and inspired games. If this is a genre and era that you love, then our games are for you. The Eye of Borrack will take you back to yesteryear, with our take on the classic text adventure. You'll put the world of action games to one side, as you delve deeply into a rich, funny, imagination lead, text-based tale. You'll control your actions and that of other characters, not with single keypresses or controllers, but through typed English sentences, In The Eye of Borrack, you'll solve puzzles, and mysteries, through the manipulation of a host of objects, exploration and interaction with others you'll meet along the way. Find 20 treasures, as you seek to unlock the strange mystery of The Eye Of Borrack. Features . Advanced language parsing. Numerous and entertaining text-based puzzles. A rich, witty, magical and slightly strange land. Many hours of game-play. Full English language manual to help you get started. A true taste of classic gaming.
Build a great city in this vertical city builder in space! Gather resources, then build and research your way to a better future! Grow your city from an exploration ship to a huge metropolis, full of advanced technology. What will you build? The Final Earth 2 offers a relaxing, creative city building experience with exploration elements and an optional story. There's always something new to build and discover! Features Build a huge city with thousands of inhabitants, all fully simulated! Over eighty different buildings to discover! Great, fully original music by Stijn Cappetijn! Discover the story in scenarios, or go wild in Free Play or Creative mode. Gather, manage and balance various resources Explore the universe with the rocket! There might even be a secret society... Build What You Want! With many different buildings, you can design the city you want. Will it be a green hippie paradise full of gardens, a huge party, or one big factory? Will your colony be a single, enormous building or will you spread it out over hundreds of worlds? Does your transport consist of efficient teleporters or a chaotic mess of landing pads? It's all your choice! You can even manage multiple associated cities and send resources and people between them. Plus, there is modding support to give you even more freedom! Sit Back and Enjoy Your City! After you've built a huge city, sit back and see it in action for a while. It's like watching an ant colony! You can also follow any citizen to make this even more fun. Find the person with the craziest commute, or discover hidden details like a stargazer. Story It's 2142, and earth is a wasteland because of devastating climate change. You built a space ship, but now your food is running out. Fortunately, you see a world just in time. It is a bit small, but certainly better than nothing. You build some farms and houses, and fulfill the basic needs of your citizens. Then, it's time to build the true city of the future! Research advanced technology and make your city grow to a huge metropolis. When your tiny world gets too small, fly to other worlds with space ships, or even build teleporters.
The current version is the mobile game transplantation version, and the PC exclusive version is still in production. Please look forward to it! Game introduction: We welcome your challenge. 'HIdden' is a first person horror decryption game. The player will play the role of Wang xuanzuo and enter the school complex at night to help the teacher get the information. However, the gate was locked and the whole building was shrouded in cold air. How many hidden secrets are there in this building? Can you find the key and open the door to escape?
Buried is a playable, interactive story told through stunning photos, a haunting soundscape, and gripping text. You play the role of Roger Hastings, a logger working the forests with his crew. When he awakens to find his friends missing and no memory of what's happened, he begins searching, uncovering something that should have stayed hidden... Make choices that affect the plot: how to approach danger, who to trust, and who lives or dies. No waiting or pauses - play straight through or at your own pace through 5 intense chapters. What's beneath the surface? Where is your crew? And what will your decisions reveal about you?
In the year of 18XX, the west is overrun by thugs and outlaws. A group of bandits have kidnapped Mayor Johnsons daughter and are spreading havok across the land. Only Gunman Clive can bring order to the west and save the girl! Jump and shoot your way across 16 diverse and challenging levels and fight massive bosses. Gunman Clive is an old-school sidescrolling platform game set in the old west with full 3D graphics and a unique artstyle. Features: Old school sidescrolling action Full 3D graphics Unique sketch shaded artstyle 3 different playable characters Dozens of different enemies Epic boss battles Supports Xbox 360 controllers
From the creators of the critically acclaimed SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition ! Overture is an action-adventure roguelike which draws heavy inspiration from hits such as Diablo , Realm of The Mad God , Zelda , and The Binding of Isaac . Explore vast randomly generated dungeons and slay hordes of cunning enemies, find companions to fight with, and upgrade your characters! Features Play as TWENTY-FOUR character classes! Take down insanely challenging bosses Collect mountains of shiny loot and weapons Explore vast randomly generated dungeons Experience intense nail-biting gameplay Enjoy an immersive chiptune soundtrack
NOTE: Due to the fact that it still needs to be approved, the Special Edition will be available just a few days after the official launch. Obviously at no extra cost. The developer has been working hard to make it worth the wait, but in the meantime, the whole original game is going to be available on July 15th. Are you going to regret one of the biggest decisions in your life? Wait, don't answer yet. Someone's knocking at the door. You should go and... Well... Uh... See it for yourself. The Escort is a VN for adults with two main characters taking place in just 24 hours. It's essentially a kinetic novel, but it's got some choices here and there, as well as two different endings and 4 paths to get to them. Also, the Special Edition includes improved renders, extended scenes, creamy endings and an exclusive gallery!
Manon finds a book in her parents' attic and finds herself immersed in the past of those close to her to realize that she did not know much about them! On each page, browse the memories of a new member of Manon's family, to get a glimpse of who this person was at different times of her life . Put names on the faces and build family ties by cross-checking their memories to piece together Manon's complete family tree. Search each page for happy actions or blunders, rich or failed experiences, to learn more about those who accomplished them. It's up to you to find all these details to piece together the family puzzle! Step into the characters' shoes by acting their own way through puzzles and riddles that will appeal to your aesthetic sense and empathy. Browse at your leisure, without fear of what you may discover! looK INside is not a puzzle game; no mystery, no heavy family secrets. We offer you a fun, frank and fulfilling experience that is part of the vein of a calm and soothing activity. With KIN, we are doing a little homecoming, a tribute to these men and women who have made us as we are, with their qualities and their faults but above all with their humanity. Here is our fable on transmission and memory, mixing literary and graphic arts, giving an air of poetry to these people we know so well and so badly at the same time! Warning ! Some puzzles are based on color perception The game is episodic and will have paid DLCs with new content in 2022
Hamlet or the Last Game without MMORPG Features, Shaders and Product Placement is the original point-and-click adventure game based on twisted William Shakespeare's Hamlet. Solve logic puzzles and fight with monsters to uncover secrets, punish all the villains and rescue the princess. Key Features From the Creator of an Award-Winning The Franz Kafka Videogame In the best traditions of classic adventure games The first indie game in the world based on Shakespeare's Hamlet 25 levels Boss battles Logic puzzles No inventory
Bannerman is a gritty, dark and atmospheric medieval action-adventure with challenging skill-based combat inspired by historical swordsmanship. You play as a man-at-arms who is left for dead following a terrible battle. On awakening you discover your lord's banner has been lost. Bound in service to your lord, you must now travel across a war-torn medieval land in pursuit. With a sinister atmosphere, bleak narrative and punishing combat, Bannerman explores the dark side of medieval fantasy. You are not a valiant questing hero, and there are no knights in shining armour to be found in this world. Key Features: Intense medieval combat! Cut, stab, parry, dodge, punch, kick and bash your enemies using authentic techniques researched and compiled from historical sources. A dark narrative explores the senseless brutality of war in a medieval-fantasy world. 16-bit rotoscoped animations capture the authentic movement of characters and the impact of medieval combat! An amazing soundtrack sets the scene - combining acoustic guitars, banjos and folk instruments to create a haunting atmosphere. A focus on skill-based melee combat rewards careful timing and cautious engagements. Face off against deadly bosses in brutal duels to the death! Unlock combat treatises as you progress - discover new abilities and combat techniques!
Warlock's Tower is punishing puzzler with elegantly designed levels around one brutal rule - one move equals one life lost.
Hello everyone, I love Bunny. One day my head suddenly asked me, why not make a full 3D bunny game? I thought about it and thought it was a good idea, so this game was born. This is a simple and relaxing bunny walking simulator game. Your only goal is to collect as many carrots as possible. Game Features Warm game atmosphere. A wide variety of bunny customization options, including body and skin. Can physically interact with carrots. Steam achievements support. Steam leaderboard support. Game Play Eat when you are hungry. Collect carrots constantly. Give the other rabbits a carrot and lead the other rabbits to run around.
Enter a magical fairy-tale world and overcome the evil Crow Witch! After the Crow Witch captures the Months, the world may never see a New Year again! Help her desperate captives escape using your Match 3 talents! Master minigames and find helpful items in Hidden Object scenes in Season Match 3: Curse of the Witch Crow. Free the Months and save the day! Multiple minigames Over 250 missions Taro card fantastic characters Hidden-object scenes Learn-as-you-play tutorial
2048 is a classic puzzle with a simple goal; reach 2048. Move your tiles across the grid and merge identical numbers into one. Plan ahead and watch out for new tiles spawning, that may prevent you from joining your numbers. Play on different board sizes and compete with people from all over the world, for your place on the leaderboards. Build upon the original 2048, this new version expands the gameplay further with multiple board sizes, game modes, achievements, leaderboards, a night mode, cloud saves, and more! FEATURES GAME MODES Compete for your place on the leaderboards in the classic game mode, now with multiple board sizes. Think fast and beat your best times in the new time trial game mode. BOARD SIZES Put your skills to the test on the new board sizes. Compete with people from all over the world and set your high score on the leaderboards for each board size. LEADERBOARDS Feeling competitive? Show the world who's the best 2048 with the integrated Steam Leaderboards. Compete for a place on the leaderboards for different board sizes or different game modes. ACHIEVEMENTS Unlock achievements as you progress on your 2048 journey. NIGHT MODE 2048 got you playing till the early morning? Yeah, us too. Be kind to your poor eyes with the new soothing night mode. Just as beautiful as the original, but won't burn your retinas. THE ORIGINAL MADE BETTER 2048 stays true to its roots and the core gameplay that made it such a cult classic. Expanding gameplay possibilities for both new and seasoned players is our main goal.
Colored blocks fall, and they keep falling. You rotate them, and drop them. Faster and faster you align the pieces, creating links of matching color, filling in gaps. You touch a block with a detonator and the entire chain explodes. The blocks above them drop, another detonator touches, and another chain is gone. Then another. Anode reintroduces the classic falling-block puzzle genre, with new twists and challenges! Link blocks back and forth across each other. Match angled couplers to create chains of multiple colors. Earn items and use them to clear your bin. Play Mission Mode and complete randomly-generated objectives for additional challenge. Post your scores on leaderboards and see how you stack up. Invite a friend over, plug in some controllers, and dive into frantic competition. Complete long chains to send blocks to your opponent's side, or use offensive items to trip them up. Don't have a controller? Play two players with one keyboard! All to a pulsing soundtrack with music that gets more intense as your bin fills!
Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment. The 2D sidescroller beat-em-up is finally on Steamplay, now with improved controls and tuning updates based on popular feedback! Shank will have you shooting and slashing your way through hordes of enemies in a stylized slaughter fest. Embark on a brutal path of blood soaked revenge as Shank battles his way through the criminal underground in his quest for retribution. Boasting fast-paced bloody action, silky smooth controls and a signature pulpy grindhouse art style, Shank is a must-play for action fans. Key Features: Violent graphic novel art style: Beautiful and fluid graphic novel art and animation styled by veteran director Jeff Agala. Weapon-based combo system: String together endless combos of mayhem and destruction on the fly and pummel your opponents to the ground using an exhaustive arsenal of weapons. Gorgeous, fully animated story cinematics: Watch Shanks brutal story unfold through beautiful fully animated cut scenes. Brutal Boss Battles: Over 8 different massive and unique bloody boss battles. Two-Player Local Co-Op: Murder with a friend. Play in a separate backstory in the two-player co-op mode and face a legion of well-armed enemies in the prequel to the single player experience.
Immortal Empire is a multiplayer tactics role playing game. Control a party of up to 5 immortals as you travel through a unique fantasy world, using spells and strategy to defeat your enemies. Features Play co-op with your friends, or destroy them in versus mode. Unravel a mysterious storyline complete with fully voiced characters in the campaign. Use automated matchmaking to compete in the PvP ladder. Participate in official tournaments and win rewards. Choose between 13 unique immortals, level up, collect loot, enchant your gear to fully customise your party. Your dialog choices matter, the way you behave may form relationships or grant powerful character attibutes. Try the challenging co-op Gauntlet mode where you must work together with other players to defeat enemy waves of increasing difficulty. Use strategy and synergize spells to defeat challenging bosses.
So What Is Meeple Station? Meeple Station is an isometric pixel-art space station building and management sim that takes inspiration from games in the vein of Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld. Build a space station up from bare-bone essentials and a skeleton crew, into a bustling metropolis of activity filled with so many Meeple you'll probably forget about a few of them. You picked a great time to hop on board as we're just dropping our major Planets Update just now, which will have your Meeple expanding across the solar system. It's in an early state, but it's the foundation for a summer full of huge feature releases we've been working on and are very excited to share with you! The big recent changes we've added are also part of the bedrock of what is to come. Heee! Meeple need things to live! Ice can be melted and turned into Oxygen, which assuredly your Meeple will need to continue breathing. They also seem to like regular access to food! Make sure they have bathrooms near or you're going to end up with one stinky station. Use Meeple for jobs they are well suited to and house them in decent surroundings or the icy fingers of unhappiness will take hold. Just wait until you see the damage an unhappy officer can cause! Once you make your station a nice productive place to live, it's prestige will spread and draw new Meeple to the station and necessitate expansion. Expansion requires more resources, so get to mining! Meeple Station boasts a robust Z-layer system that is seemingly uncommon in many isometric and management games. The system allows up to 32 vertical floors- so stations can get quite gigantic if you so desire. Trade! At first, you can get things you need from traders, that you can't effectively manufacture on your own. Once you have a good operation going you can turn the tables and make quite a profit from supplying refined resources and manufactured goods to traders based on their needs. With the Planets Update, we've added the very beginnings of the Player-owned ships system, which we plan to expand on quite a bit in upcoming patches. Assign Pilots to ships and fly construction crews to build new stations. That's right! Multiple stations are new to the Planets patch as well! Now that you can travel around the solar system, you're going to be able to build multiple concurrent stations around different planets. Fight off lazy pirates! Pirates gonna pirate. Maybe they did bad in school and space is hard? Whatever the reason, they want your stuff. That's waaaay easier than doing work themselves. Make sure you have guard Meeple to fight them when they come. Station shields and turrets work wonders against bombers. We have so many big things in store for the near future that we hope will floor you with their scope. It's a very exciting time over here in the dev team. We work tirelessly to try to get them in your hands as soon as humanly possible, because we're over-excited children and this is our little passion project we can't wait to share with our community. Eventually, we plan on an inter-station ship-based trading, cargo, mining, and exploration network. It's ambitious, but we really can't wait to show you what we've been tossing into the stew for the future! Seriously, we sit up at night just playing with pixel planets and little tiny shippies. It's a problem. Speaking of community, drop into our Discord and say hello! We love to hear from you all!
The triumph of alternating current has sent Edison into a violent rage. It's up to you, Nikola Tesla, to stop him and his army of DC-powered robots. Dodge bullets and solve physics-based puzzles in an absurd historical parody platformer. Unlock experimental technologies to manipulate the environment: Pull ions from the earth and sky to make lightning strike on your command Levitate boxes and other objects to solve puzzles Summon a downpour to flood valleys and short-circuit robots Focus the sun's rays to evaporate lakes in seconds Freeze water to make ice you can walk across or levitate Featuring: 29 hand-painted levels 6 kinds of devious robots and a final showdown against Edison himself Researchable perks and upgrades including slow motion, deadly sun rays, and the ability to levitate enemy robots Multiple solutions to most puzzles Fully-voiced cutscenes and tutorial Experimental level editor Prove once and for all that you are the true greatest man of science!
Start as Nothing, Become Anything. Create the most customizable character ever and take on ferocious monsters with your friends. Early Access Features Draw or upload your own art for your armor and weapons Mod your equipment with 80 pros and cons for custom abilities Hunt powerful and intelligent monsters Team up online with your friends Full Release Features Harvest the flora and fauna for their materials Learn new crafts and mods to build your perfect Artizen Take on missions for greater risks and rewards
Developer's Note 'Flying Sword' is a flight game that uses only mouse to play. Hello, I am a personal developer who develops the games I want to achieve by continually learning programming knowledge. 'Flying Sword' is my first game of the Xianxia type. In the game, you will control the sword flight to collect 'aura stone' as much as possible in the expansive mountains. This is also a program-generated type of game where the mountains in the game will be randomly generated in each game. This is a small game that is suitable for repeated play. Your only goal in the game is to constantly break the scores you have created before. Game Features Full of Xianxia style. Play for 10 minutes each time, The map generated by the program. Global leaderboard. Steam cloud support. Multi-language support.
Marvin's Mittens is a 2D platformer with a focus on exploration and collection. With gorgeous, hand drawn art, Marvin presents a soothing world to explore, free from enemies and danger. Collect magic snowflakes to increase your jump height and race your sled across the landscape to reach new areas before your mother calls you back home. Learn the secrets of snow elf magic and traverse the world beyond Marvin's backyard to solve the mystery of the missing mitten. Immerse yourself in this charming indie title! Key Features: Beautiful winter landscapes and charming characters Carefully placed collectibles encourage exploration and revisiting of levels Ever-increasing jump allows access to new parts of the world Coast down hills on your sled, find jumps to reach new areas Nearly an hour of beautiful original music Find shortcuts to venture further before Marvin is called back home by his mom Sneak up on wildlife to add animals to Marvin's sketchbook Also on offer is the Marvin's Mittens Original Soundtrack that includes over 35 tracks from the game along with bonus tracks you've never heard. The soundtrack is available separate or in a combined bundle with the game. Go for an adventure!
Smash Halloween Pumpkins: The Challenge is a 2D Old School Action Platformer in which the mission of the player is to smash as many pumpkins as possible within a limited time period. Do you love smashing pumpkins? This is the game for you! Pumpkins have turned into Zombies and started eating on the human beings to avenge the death of their Pumpkin Brothers. So, the Leader of all the pumpkins commanded all of them to attack the human race with an ambition to rule over the world. But one man stands against the Pumpkins to eliminate all of them in a Stormy Halloween Night. Will he be able to accomplish his mission? You need to eliminate a certain number of Pumpkins within a limited time period and unlock the door to go to the next level. If you can kill extra pumpkins, it will also count. Be the best at exploding Pumpkins! Key Features: 15 Levels to Play! Lots of enemies and traps. Two types of firing modes like shotgun and Rocket Launcher. Kill as many Pumpkins as you can within a limited time. 3 Boss Battles! Challenging situations and hard to master. Unlock the door by killing the Pumpkin enemies. Note from the Developer: I have done all the graphics, pixel artwork, level design, programming myself except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game.
Galpa was sleeping until he heard a sound that shook him out of bed. Galpa found a pipe out side his house. He looked inside and he got sucked in. He went to a place with shapes and more. Will Galpa get back home? 25 levels of shape blasting fun. rpg like world map 5 enemys to jump and punch on cannons and springs Swimming
1936: Soldiers of the Third Reich roam the world seeking occult weapons for their insane plans of conquest. When Fenton Paddock, a former British soldier and hapless smuggler, is asked to look for his friend Richard, who went missing in Tibet, he has no idea that this search will lead him across three continents to a secret that could turn the whole world upside down. Enough mystery? Not in the mood for another crime story? 'Lost Horizon' brings the classic adventure back to its roots: the 1930s, exotic settings all over the world, and the dangerous quest for one of the greatest secrets of mankind makes adventurers' hearts beat faster. The Makers of the award-winning Secret Files series invite you to experience a technically outstanding, carefully designed game featuring an absolutely thrilling story at the side of Kim and Fenton. Key features: Unique handmade graphic style Exotic settings you've never seen before Movie-like story by novelist Claudia Kern Both realistic and funny dialogues Excellent technical appearance and minimal system requirements Fast-paced presentation of the exciting story in movie style Innovative puzzle design, always fair and logical
Embark on an epic road trip adventure of a lifetime in Summer Catchers. With your trusty wooden car you must travel to distant lands full of mystery, strange creatures and exciting races in your quest to finally experience summer. However the journey won't be easy. Driving through shadowy forests, dark swamps, vast valleys and underground cities you will encounter obstacles and larger than life situations. With your trusty travel bag in hand, you can work your way through these uncharted lands and just like in real life, find a few friends and secrets along the way. Key Features: - A unique arcade game that mixes racing, story, rhythm and puzzle elements all into one - Uncover all the mysteries and events of this beautiful pixel art world - Discover unique abilities and upgrade your car to ride in style - Replay the game to find all the hidden corners the fast traveller might have missed We couldn't be more excited to finally share with you the whimsical tale of Summer Catchers. The FaceIT team has put together something really special and that shows when it was Greenlit in less than 3 weeks!
Frisbee For FUN! Frisbee is joy, Frisbee is fun! You are a very mischievous kitten that uses helpless chickens as targets. The distance may vary; Chickens will start to run; Portals will appear; The wind will drive you crazy! What to expect? Hit targets, but be careful ... being a bad kitten can have consequences. Freedom to the chickens!
Jewel of Kuru - is 3D Third Person Hack 'n Slash action adventure game set in an beautiful world of Kuru-a Fantasy world set in Ancient India. You will discover mysteries of the enchanted land of Kuru by defeating multiple bosses and get hold of the jewel which lies in the secrets of the temple of Kuru. Inspired from souls like genre, the game gives you sense of challenge as well as incredible satisfaction of defeating the bosses spread across the map with multiple points of interests. The Gameplay is inspired from Sekiro-Shadows Die Twice. Very parry focussed, you have to master the timings and AI attack patterns to overcome the enemy.
Puzzle Galaxies is a groundbreaking puzzle video game similar to games like Bejeweled and Candy Crush. You must match jewels stored in a space station in a manner similar to Bejeweled, but there's a twist - there are enemies that will come by and try to take matching jewels on you! Racing against the clock, and against the enemies, you must match the jewels in each of the pods of the space station before time runs out. Along the way, the player comes across many different bonuses, and obstacles, including: - 5 different enemy ships - 'bonus' pods - a locked 'safe' that must be unlocked in order to beat the level - 68 levels of fun! Also note that Puzzle Galaxies also features an unlimited time mode as well. Try and see if you can get a high score by making as few moves as possible!
Inspired by 1990s sidescrolling platform shooters, Guns of Midnight is a brutally difficult, fast paced arcade experience that pits you against the clock, armed with only your wits, grenades, and a big f---ing gun. Race to escape the city before the stroke of midnight, or face annihilation by nuclear fire. Compete with your steam friends and with players around the globe to see who can escape the fastest, score the highest, and secure your place on the leaderboards! Gameplay Features : Hand-crafted pixel art aesthetic. Intense Synthwave soundtrack. One extremely challenging city to blast your way through. 10 minutes to escape. 5 different enemies to annihilate along the way. Collect upgrades to increase your firepower and stay alive. Race against the clock, competing with other players for the quickest time and the highest score! Explore the city for collectibles and secret areas, track your progress through in-game stats!
Defeat famous opponents in musical duels. Immense yourself in fantastic story of Frederic's endeavors. Catch all the Easter Eggs and subtle parodies hidden in the background. Practice your skills until perfection and become the Master of the Piano. The world of music is once again threatened. The art of soulful music, the kind that touches your heart, is in grave danger of disappearance. The evil forces that you fought so bravely are back! And they are even more powerful and desperate. Once again you'll need to step into Frederic Chopin's shoes and face opponents that have only one agenda - to enslave the musical world, mass produce soulless artists with their same-sounding radio hits, and reap enormous profits, hindering any creativity in the process. - 10 challenging musical duels with some of the most renown pop stars - 10 fantastic, catchy tracks, inspired by Frederic Chopin's composition and different music genres. - Quirky story with tons of parody and twists - Extremely easy to get to, but hard to master gameplay - Hand-painted animated comic - Achievements and leaderboards
You just received a love letter! But it's written with codes... To read it you will need to solve the puzzles and get codes, which will serve to reveal the words of the letter. Each code is a word. Can you decipher what is written in the letter? Use your mouse or arrow keys to draw the line. Fill the entire board and solve the puzzle. Did something wrong? You can go back easily. Or just right click to delete the line wherever you want. After solving the puzzle you will get a code. Find the code on the letter and discover the secret word. Features No tutorial. Straight to the game . Minimalist design . No score, timer or pressure. Solve the puzzle in your time and enjoy the game experience. 40 unique levels, with progressive difficulty . Get a code at the end of each level to reveal a piece of the letter.
In the year 200X , the totalitarian National Hell Party rose to power in Canada. They declared martial law, formed an alliance with the mysterious Ninja Empire and kidnapped the President of the United States. They then bombed all major American cities. Afterwards, they sent an army of soldiers and robots over the border to clean up the scraps. You play as Sgt. Jon Dagger , a lone soldier who must travel through the ruins of America into the Great White North on a rescue mission to save the President. He's joined by a former Soviet engineer who has uploaded himself into Sgt. Dagger's brain. In your mission, you must run and gun your way through a variety of environments, fighting post-apocalyptic barbarians, Canadian soldiers, fiendish robots, and powerful ninjas. Cold Vengeance is a 3D run 'n' gun game that is a tribute to late 90s early 3D games, as well as to 80s and 90s action games and movies.
Beings from another age are causing havoc across the land! And with their mischief comes a great threat to everyone. The unlikeliest hero, a golem born of bread, will find himself and his newfound buddies in the middle of a drama that's thousands of years in the making. Together, they will visit incredible locals and meet fascinating characters. Although he may not look like much, Loaf might be the hero this land kneads. A Sentient Bread on a Quest Play as a flour golem who possesses a never-ending childlike wonder and a set of odd abilities in this 2.5D adventure game! Explore the different regions of a wonderful world ripe with mysteries and team up with a colorful cast of fleshed-out characters. With the help of your buddies, face off against menacing and weird baddies and engage in a fun and quirky turn-based combat system. A home-cooked battle system Born of Bread puts a twist on turn-based combat tropes with a fun interaction system that will test your reflexes. This interactive system also features a weaknesss and resistance system that makes battles more strategic. Team up with your buddies Loaf can't do it alone. Meet new characters during your adventure, each with their own abilities and personnality. Use their unique skills to overcome threats and obstacles whether in fights or when exploring. Stream your fights to a fake audience! Your dragon buddy Dub will let you save your progression but also stream your fights to a fake audience with his little laptop! Gather more viewers and answer their demand to get rewards!
Hypt is a Single-Player Action Arcade game. Technology has advanced, and a new world of information has been revealed. Mankind knows it as the Internet, but locals know it as Hypt. A world that is now overrun by viruses, trojans, and other forms of malware. Take control of a revolutionary new anti-malware program and explore a vibrant and labyrinthine digital world. Get to the end of each level equipped with nothing except the ability to turn the virus' deadly powers against them. Take back the digital world in this stylized but lethal test of skill against dozens of levels, hundreds of enemies, and difficult bosses. Featuring... 120 challenging levels Difficult, dynamic bosses Original soundtrack by the talented Efe Tozan A variety of enemies to destroy Hours of immersive gameplay Gorgeous worlds and digital environments Fluid 2D top-down mechanics Intuitive Controls
Kritika Global is a hyper-stylized, fast-paced, action brawler game. You work together as a team to aggressively clear compact instanced dungeons quickly and efficiently. The faster you clear the dungeon, the better your loot at the end. This is an amazing game for those who pride themselves on their combat ability. It does not only provides quick action but it also provides all the depth of an MMO game. Combat in Kritika Global is dynamic and fast-paced. You need to jump, dodge, and utilize combos to beat a variety of creature while employing smart strategies to take the biggest of them down. Take on the bad guys with oversized blades, alchemical superguns, and dazzling acrobatics. Kritika Global takes style points seriously. Dungeons designed for quick play sessions propel you into the action, without lengthy world travel. And each one has a super-sized boss you'll just love to beat on! The action is fast, and the enemies are furious. Brawl with friends or rampage solo through hordes of enemies in a variety of game modes across in a fully realized, immersive arcade brawler! Kritika Global lets players choose skills and gear best suited to their playstyle. Nearly every piece of gear in Kritika Global can be customized and improved to help you build your ultimate character.
Have you ever wanted to explore a lost temple? This is your chance. Find the treasures and escape the Temple of Aluxes by solving various puzzles and challenges. Navigate through the old temple and face a variety of challenges. Look everywhere and leave no stone unturned. Interact with your surroundings by examining objects to find what you need to get out. Use your scanner to scan the environment for clues. Can you find all the treasures and solve the puzzles to get out? Features: A variety of challenging puzzles with varying difficulty. Test yourself in both logic puzzles and skill-based challenges. Large play area with several rooms to explore. Hand scanner to find clues. Immersive environment. Room-scale support. Teleportation support. Full locomotion support Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
'It is said that our worst fears come from within. But... What if there were a greater fear than we are capable of conceiving? What if that terror were much closer than we think? Suffering is the only way. Fear is a necessary evil.' What kind of curse does the Beresford mansion keep inside? For 200 years its inhabitants have suffered the consequences of an unknown shadow, a dark being who walks among us, and whose existence extends beyond what we imagine. Now James and Chloe will face the ultimate test of their lives. They will know the true horror. The suffering of a father. The despair of a daughter. The clock is ticking and the survival game can no longer be stopped. GAMEPLAY Fear the Dark Unknown transports you to the great survival horror classics of the 90's. Choosing between two protagonists , with a fixed camera system that enhances the feeling of being immense in a true horror movie. Face a multitude of challenges, certain deaths and enemies of various kinds that will force you not to waste a bullet. Face them, hide or even flee from them. All mixed with a wealth of puzzles , integrated into the story, which will allow you to learn more details of the Beresford mansion and the Dark Unknown. KEY FEATURES Enjoy more than 30 hours playing two totally different adventures with James Sullivan and his daughter Chloe. Four difficulty levels for combat , from those who want a ride to those who enjoy suffering with each combat. Choose between your four weapons and don't waste a bullet. Survival is your main goal, and it's not easy. Thoroughly examine every room. You never know where you are going to find that object that will give you the key to continue your adventure. Discover the Beresford mansion and its inhabitants throughout its 200 years of life. You can visit it at different times , and remember that to find out all its secrets is to know yourself.
Platypus Adventures is a family friendly, 3rd person action-adventure game based in an expansive, natural world featuring Australian animals and landscapes. Showcasing an epic story campaign, inspired by classic 3D-platformers such as Croc: Legend of the Gobbos, Banjo-Kazooie and Crash Bandicoot. Follow the journey of Platy as they explore lush environments, uncover a deep mystery and fight evil. Features Huge traversable world, from lush rainforests to sandy beaches to the great outback Cute and varied characters and creatures. From friendly folks to epic wild encounters A dynamic environment, featuring a day-night cycle and weather systems A wide range of colourful enemies and multiple bosses An action packed story full of environmental challenges and mystery Play as either Male, or Female Platy Platy's story Swim, climb, swing and slide throughout the adventure, as Platy confronts dangerous situations and thrilling encounters. Unwind in welcoming villages, and encounter a wide variety of wildlife. From the rainforest to the outback Discover a vast Australian landscape, as you overcome natural obstacles and face dangerous enemies. Journey through dark caves, mountain peaks and flowing river systems along the way. Explore, collect and discover Uncover hidden treasures, obtain powerful equipment or collect bush tucker to assist and sustain the epic adventure. The environment is packed full of sights and secrets waiting to be discovered. About the developer, Figtree Digita l David Richards, solo developer operating Figtree Digital , began work on Platypus Adventures , as a hobby project in 2016 after learning Unreal Engine 4 . The game has been developed as a passion-project for years, as an exploration into game development. Platypus Adventures is the debut game for Figtree Digital , seeking to capture David's local natural world and bring attention to the iconic native species of the area.
Go on a dangerous journey into the heart of asteroid to save humanity from disaster! Control the TECHNOSPHERE, roll, jump, balance, solve puzzles and go through the mazes. 2590 AD. Atlas Corporation is mining crystals in the core of an asteroid in the orbit of the Earth. Due to a failure in the asteroid systems, orbit correction was disabled. Only the TECHNOSPHERE is able to reload the asteroid system and restore the orbit. You have 10 hours to save the earth from disaster! Feature List: - Large spaces with volumetric illumination; - Sci-fi setting; - Different mechanics; - Mazes, traps, lasers, turrets, bombs and more. - Doomsday timer. You may not have time to save the earth; - Technosphere Improvements; - Achievements; - Full controller support;
A new round in the development of the Lunar Lander genre, a game moved from the machines of the 70s, but in a new wrapper, with new graphics, with different game physics modes, where you can choose between the complexity and comfort of gaming. The Levels with a variety of tasks, including: time trial, rocket persecutions, trials in which you will need to show mastery of flying at maximum speeds, as well as research trials. A Modern graphical shell that does not require high resources from a computer, offers modern 2D graphics. Great music, written specifically to create an atmosphere of intense cartoon.
Not your average brick-breaker arcade game! Prepare for hardcore action, atmospheric metal guitar riffs and old-school arkanoid difficulty. 40 challenging levels in 4 episode sets Real-time physics and effects 11 different power-ups to spice up the gameplay 21 Steam Achievements 6 Steam Trading Cards Casual price
Magic duels are the way to solve any dispute in a kingdom conquered by the cruel witch and her minions. Every monster you encounter will challenge you, but the power of spells will help you destroy the enemy. Master and improve the destructive power of the spheres and you will become the most fearsome mage ever! Now is not the time for mercy. It's time to eradicate the evil! Features Win duels. Master the ancient power of magic spheres! Develop your hero. Level your mage up to Legendary! Upgrade your spells. Improve your magic skills from duel to duel! Meet extraordinary characters. Be prepared to find very unusual allies.
Neverending Nightmares is a psychological horror game inspired by the developer's actual battle with mental illness. In the game, you take on the role of Thomas who awakens from a terrible nightmare only to find that he is still dreaming. As he descends deeper through the layers of hellish dreamscapes, he must hide from horrifying apparitions and outrun his inner demons. He must discover which of the horrors he encounters are a manifestation of his own psychological state and figure out what reality will be when he finally wakes up. Terrifying nightmare worlds inspired by real life struggles with OCD and depression. Black and white artwork creates a distinctive moody and dark atmosphere. Branching narrative features 3 completely different endings. A dynamic lighting system gives the ever present darkness a character of its own. IGF nominated composer Skyler McGlothlin delivers a haunting and oppressive dark ambient score.
In a small village in central Europe something is happening, the forest growing around has something different. Its wood is red color, unique in the world. This does not pass unnoticed to the world's largest logging company, the White Wood Company, which does not hesitate to send their best expert to take over the exploitation rights. But what apparently seemed a routine work, will become a horrible nightmare when the man of the company begins to investigate the dark past of the village.
During a mission your spaceship encounters an unknown anomaly and all systems fail. You have to balance the energy in order to get them running again and to get home safely. Energy Balance is a number puzzle. You have to swap power units in such a way that their sums form correct chains both vertically and horizontally. The game is easy to learn, but very hard to master. So, are you ready to peep under the hood of an alien spaceship?
VilleTown is a City-Building Tower Defense game, where the player researches Technologies, Artifacts, and special Powers to help grow, expand, and defend their VilleTown from outside invaders. The story of VilleTown follows the voyage of a group of Pilgrims in the Middle Ages, who venture out to an Island that they have heard many stories about. While people tell of its untold riches, they also say there is something dark linked to the island, as there once was an Ancient Civilization there that performed Dark Rituals. Ignoring this, the pilgrims head out to the Island to start their new lives. Be sure to lead them to prosperity as you build, grow, and advance your VilleTown through the ages, Governor.
Intrigue, corporations, lies, criminal structures, a frightening future, irreversible consequences. Welcome to the Song of Farca, a dark and cruel Black Mirror-esque novel. You are Isabella Song, a private detective, and hacker who has to investigate a series of crimes. Can you uncover them using only gadgets, an army of drones, and your mind? As your investigation proceeds, the stakes will rise, different episodes become woven into the one story, and decisions will become increasingly difficult. Get information by any means: Use darknet search and artificial intelligence, hack drones and study surveillance footage, blackmail, or interrogate. Create a cloud of leads and analyze evidence: Will you blame the most suspicious character or dig deeper? Draw the right conclusions to get the truth: The victim may turn out to be a criminal, and the suspect is just one link in a criminal chain. Feel the consequences of wrong decisions: Are you ready to commit a crime yourself to save your loved ones?
In a universe full of genetic diversity, both flesh and metal, SKIPCHASERs are skilled trackers and deadly assassins. Methodically gather information on your missions while efficiently destroying anyone who gets in your way. In the service of M.O.T.H.E.R you will hunt indiscriminately while using your talents to complete the job you were uniquely born to do. SKIPCHASERS are a secretive group of gunmen scattered throughout the known universe. Combat ready and rapidly deployable, they have a reputation as ruthless paramilitary soldiers. Little is known about their origins, and less about their employer, the corporation know as M.O.T.H.E.R. Contracts will send you all over the planet from salted wastelands to the bowels of the element mines long since abandoned. Here you will encounter all manner of human, alien and robotic brutes, making sure to keep your trigger finger ready at all times. With procedurally generated enemies it could be hours before you encounter the same one twice. A SKIPCHASER's best friend is his weapon, so it should be completely customizable. With hundreds of possible combinations you can use the smithing system to create just the right ordnance for any enemy or situation. SKIPCHASERs and enemies deal damage in three different types: fire, bio and cryo. Choosing the right gun to clear out a room adds the right amount strategy to this action experience.
Open your mind and discover your power as you explore the world of Spectromancer! A turn-based online fantasy card game, co-designed by Magic: The Gathering's Richard Garfield and Alexey Stankevich, creator of Astral Tournament and Astral Masters, Spectromancer allows players to participate in a magical duel against other mages by strategically summoning creatures and casting spells. Play as one of six powerful types of wizards and take on the corrupt council of magic and its innumerable minions. Each mage uses five magical elements during a duel - Fire, Water, Air, Earth and a fifth related to the specific mage type. Using one of six mage types in the game, Clerics, Mechanicians, Necromancers, Chaosmasters, Dominators and Illusionists, players duel against the computer or against other online players live. By adding new spells and new allies to your side, players will open new strategic options to master. Spectromancer provides a varied pallet of foes and environments that force players to watch every turn of a card. Each player takes on a journey of discovery reflected in the tricks they master as a player, with the challenges increasing in multi-player, Spectromancer pits players against hundreds of challenges of amazing tactical depth. Co-designed by Richard Garfield, the creator of Magic: The Gathering A turn-based strategy game with an elegant interface and great depth Wide variety of spells and mages gives nearly endless replay value Multiple levels of difficulty to provide player of all skill levels a challenge Play as one of six different types of mages, each with unique spells and strategies Pit yourself against players from around the world in multi-player play Build your character's spells and abilities over time in the extensive campaign
-Exciting story: know the effects that are causing Malachai and the rest of 'bad sons' who were born that day in 1979... -Enjoy the thrill of escape... ...run and hide where the authority can't see you. -Explore varied maps: from the coastal town of Derrigtown to the holy mountains where Malachai leads the revolutionaries. -Laugh at black humor: children are people and not monkeys, so they can not be treated like pets. Tom: You're out on a trip and you haven't even bothered to look at the fuel gauge in your car. Now what are you going to do, in the middle of the maze of corn crops. The wind is blowing hard, bringing to you the cry of a man named Malachai, whom some Derrigtown residents say is the devil in disguise. The foul breath of the enemy is coming to you now, but who are the good guys and who are the bad guys, you ask, doesn't Malachai just want to experience a different mode of existence?
BladeShield is an action-packed, VR sci-fi game that makes full use of room-scale VR and tracked controllers. Use your military grade BladeShields to fight off successive waves of rogue A.I. enemies -- including sawbots, blaster bots, and mega turrets. Charge up your BladeShields to unleash a devastating EMP blast! How long can you last in this futuristic survival game? Wield a killer combination of lethal energy blade and proton shield. Slice and dice your way through unending waves of A.I. enemies. Fight against droves of murderous machines -- including sawbots, blaster bots, jump bots, and mega turrets. Customize the look of your electroluminescent light blades. Charge up to unleash devastating EMP blasts!
In the distant future, there emerges a system that provides civil rights to every human. It is called Nezphere . In the more distant future, Nezphere goes very bad and sends neon boxes with music to eliminate every human. You are the Envoy of Nezphere that stand out for the people. With a pair of light beams, fight the neon boxes and see what to do next. ---- I'm a Magnificent Rule ---- A virtual-reality open-source rhythm game, Envoy of Nezphere welcomes everyone to feel the flow of the music by chopping the boxes alone the right direction. How high up can you go in the rank?
Ever came in a situation where you had a chance to become a cute anime girl , but for some reason thugs wanted to blast you into smithereens and the government is so corrupt that they're sending out their top tier dudes after you instead of the thugs? Well, in this game, that's exactly what you're getting! Experience the life of Chizuru, an colorblind orphan who for some reason can only see four specific colors . Help her find her big bro, who happens to be the senator as well! But be careful, because their government is crazy nuts right now! Use your knowledge from rhythm games and bullet hell games to create a barrage of bullets to your enemies while shooting to the beat of the background music! Become the better thug by stealing your opponent's bullets through waveshines ! Blast those cheese heads with their own bullets and show them what's up! Play a cute anime girl named Chizuru Experience a non-accurate depiction of being a colorblind person that can only specifically see four colors Freshly baked original soundtrack with lots of songs to shoot along the beat with SUPER COOL UNCLE HYPE THAT TEACHES YOU EVERYTHING! Learn how to waveshine and absorb bullets with your super cool uncle! MULTIPLE BULLET TYPES TO ABSORB FROM THUGS! THUGS!!!!!!!! Get the chance to become friends with a thug!! But get a cooler chance to experience having a senator as your big bro! YUUTO ICHIKA!!!!!! Chizuru is cute but Yuuto Ichika is the best, top tier girl EXPERIENCE EATING CHEESE FROM TRASH CANS TO RESTORE HP! TWO FINAL BOSSES AND A SUPERBOSS???
In Neon Parkour, where you control a blue cube, make challenging tracks, overcome obstacles, solve small puzzles, don't touch the red cubes and get your cube near your partner!
A badass rig drives only for the glory of Satan and races with blistering fury towards the Next Hell in this ARCADE ACTION IMMORTAL TRUCKER! From Ludum Dare 34 all the way to Steam, DEMON TRUCK is razor metal action with twitch gameplay, high score leaderboards, and wave after wave of unworthy enemies to throw UNDER THE WHEELS ! ALL GUNS BLAZING Two controls: fire the guns, ram down the throttle. The truck drives itself! Soul-damning soundtrack from unholy legend Zircon! Ram obstacles and blast enemies with ever increasing speed and hatred. Skill based action gameplay with Steam Leaderboards. Cover your hellish rig in sick weapons and engine tuning. Weapons, upgrades, and enemies all randomized each game. Race through canyons, mountains, and demonic cities all the way to hell and back! A BADASS RIG DRIVES ONLY FOR THE GLORY OF SATAN what else do you need?!
Note: Gurgamoth requires controllers to play Gurgamoth is a flying fighting game where the level is your weapon. Gurgamoth is the perfect mix of party chaos and competitive strategy, ideal for sitting around on the couch with a couple of friends. Your only weapon is the level itself: a shifting battlefield with different hazards. Gurgamoth is fast, relying on quick timing, but also your ability to read your opponent. Will they dodge your attack and send you flying into a spinning saw blade? Will they spend their attacks on a power up, leaving them temporarily vulnerable? Will they anticipate your attack and stun you while you're recovering? Get inside their minds and earn the honor of awakening Gurgamoth. Gurgamoth features: Unique levels, each with their own dangers Game-changing power-ups Tight flying mechanics Fantastic visual design Fast, party-friendly matches Full controller support The most fun you'll have summoning an elder god
Huey and Satura find themselves lost in the colorless world of Umiro with no memory of their past or how they arrived in this mysterious place. Guide the two intrepid schoolmates through striking labyrinths and puzzling landscapes to recover the sacred crystals to return life back to Umiro and return their memory piece by piece. A Colorful World: Huey and Satura must work in tandem to bring color back to the world of Umiro, piece together their memory, and reveal what brought them here in the first place. Dozens of Levels: Assess and solve mysteries locked behind over forty handcrafted levels designed to challenge players of all skill levels. Unlock Mysteries: Complete each level through meticulous planning or brave a more dangerous path to collect yellow crystals and delve deeper into the mysterious world of Umiro.
Sumatra: Fate of Yandi is a traditional point and click adventure that tells the story of Yandi , a logging worker who gets caught up in a terrible landslide, leaving him lost and alone deep in the jungle. Join him on his quest to find his best friend and coworker Ramdan, and return home to his beloved partner Adiratna. Complicating things, the regret of recent arguments with Adiratna loom over him. The desire to make amends will drive him forward as he makes his way through vast expanses of unexplored forest and desolate wasteland, where many dangers and secrets will be revealed... Will Yandi reunite with his friend Ramdan? Will he make it home to his beloved Adiratna? Will he even make it out alive? FEATURES: An old-school point and click adventure aesthetic with many puzzles and an intriguing storyline. A range of interesting characters to encounter along the way... both human and animal, friend and foe. A variety of subtly unfolding mysteries to keep Yandi on his toes. A nostalgic style that harks back to the early classics of the genre - with a fresh setting and streamlined interface. Original soundtrack featuring 30 tracks. Approximately 3-5 hours of gameplay with a rich and vibrant world to explore. INSPIRATIONS? The classic point and click adventures of the '80s and '90s. The nature and legends of Indonesia. The Lost World by Arthur Conan Doyle.
In 2028, they surfaced. They claimed to be the ancient alien progenitors of the human race. They rode in on a Trojan Horse of advanced knowledge and a peaceful World Government. They were, to all who believed, the Saviors of the Earth and all mankind. The truth was that these tentacled abominations came from the bottomless depths of The Sea, chained up for thousands of years, and unshackled in these final days. They promised a new age of enlightenment and directed evolution, if only one accepted their authority and took their Mark. Those who refused were exiled to the island of Fleece, to live unhindered, yet disconnected from the rest of the 'enlightened' world. By 2030 all the Earth was claimed. Now their army has come for Fleece. The remaining few Resisters are fighting to survive and ultimately escape the New World Order. Features: Hack, sneak, and loot your way through procedurally generated cities! Purchase tons of skills you unlock by rescuing survivors! Perk system to complement the skill system that allows you to mix and match perks! Crafting system that allows you to make what you need when you need it! Interacting systems based gameplay allows you to think outside of the box to complete objectives! Choose story mode or free play mode. Add permadeath for a true roguelite experience! Find and complete mini-investigation missions while exploring the world! Rescue fellow Resisters, that allow the player to employ and level up new abilities! Give survivors assignments that will make missions easier, or send them out to acquire resources! With no options for direct combat you must use what you can scavenge, be stealthy and use your brain to finish your mission! Acquire missions, level up, and buy equipment in your sewer base! Complete mission goals to acquire components to build your submarine and escape the grasp of the New World Order!
The Bridge is a logic puzzle game that forces you to reevaluate your preconceptions of physics and perspective. It is Isaac Newton meets M. C. Escher. Manipulate gravity to redefine the ceiling as the floor while venturing through impossible architectures. Explore increasingly difficult worlds, each uniquely detailed and designed to leave you with a pronounced sense of intellectual accomplishment. The Bridge exemplifies games as an art form, with beautifully hand-drawn art in the style of a black-and-white lithograph. Key Features 48 thought-provoking puzzles, each unique from the rest, all requiring an innovative solution. Gravity manipulations, gravitational vortexes, parallel dimensions, and many more mind-bending concepts in a world where the laws of physics are not what they seem. M. C. Escher-esque worlds with impossible architecture set in the style of beautifully hand-drawn black-and-white lithographic art. An alternate version of the game unlocked after the main storyline has been completed, including challenging alternate versions of each of the 24 main puzzles, along with an alternate ending. A time-backtracking system to alleviate any fears of making a mistake.
Hero-U: Rogue to Redemption is an epic - and humorous - fantasy adventure and role-playing game in which you take on the role of Shawn O'Conner, a young man striving to become a hero as well as a rogue. Hero-U: Rogue to Redemption is the work of Lori Ann Cole and Corey Cole, creators of Quest for Glory, Shannara, Castle of Dr. Brain, and Mixed-Up Fairy Tales. Although Hero-U is not a direct sequel to the Quest for Glory games, it features the same mix of adventure, role-playing, humor, and immersive storytelling that we introduced in that series. Shawn can become the Rogue of the Year while exploring a mysterious castle, making friends and enemies, fighting deadly foes, and uncovering the secrets of his own hidden past. Meanwhile players will enjoy the rich and humorous dialogue and descriptions as they guide Shawn through his adventures. During the day, Shawn attends classes at the University, practices his skills, and tries to make friends with other students. At night, it's time to pull out weapons, armor, and traps to explore the abandoned wine cellars, stunning sea caves, creepy catacombs, and deadly dungeon beneath Hero-U. Most combat is optional for those who prefer a pure adventure game, but there are ample rewards for those who choose to valorously fight the creatures that threaten the school and all of Sardonia.
Keep the signal alive Manipulate inputs by using unique modules and patching cables via a simple drag-and-drop system. Make your mark Prove yourself as the best machine whisperer by completing more than 40 puzzles and competing in our leaderboards. Control the interface Customize it to your preference with color palettes for cables and 3 different cable rendering styles. Let it synth in Take immersion to the next level with designs by Papernoise, who has designed modules for Mutable Instruments, Hexinverter, WMD, etc. Create your own puzzles Try out our puzzle designer or access other players' creations via Steam Workshop. Stay tuned for our second major update, coming soon to a VCV rack near you: Experiment in sandbox mode A free-for-all playground without any constraint. Let your imagination go wild.
Put your intellect to the test with challenging escape rooms featuring high interactivity and intricate logical puzzles. Observe, search for clues, combine information, apply logical reasoning, and uncover mysteries through exploration. APPLY LOGICAL SOLVE PUZZLES COMBINE IFNORMATION AND ESCAPE LOGIC ESCAPE
A Classic Reinvented Beat Blocks VR is a VR arcade puzzle game in which you have to assemble the blocks and find the best possible combinations to make them disappear. Your goal is simple: beat the high-score and become the best player in the world. Addictive and Interactive Gameplay All the movements are simple , fluid , in order to offer you the most satisfying game possible just with the natural action of your hands. Huge Replayability Beat Blocks VR offers you an infinite experience, each one of your game is unique. You create your own game with your combinations. Game Features 5 stages with their own atmosphere More than 10 different blocks 3 different grids Progressive in-game difficulty Natural control and feeling of the blocks Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Lazerbait is a free arcade strategy game set in virtual reality with one simple goal: capture all the planets to build more ships and destroy your enemies! The player is presented with a god-like perspective of a system of planets. Each planet that a player owns will produce ships over time. Using the motion controllers, the player can direct their fleet of ships from planet to planet in attempt to capture as many planets as possible. The more planets a player owns, the more ships the player can produce. Eventually players can build up fleets of many hundreds of ships that lead to awesome massive space battles. The player is challenged by up to 7 A.I. characters in free-for-all style who are also working hard to capture all the planets and eliminate their enemies. The game is highly configurable allowing players to choose the game speed, map size, ship limits, number of A.I. players, and A.I. difficulty. Maps are procedurally generated at random for each game played so no two games will ever be the same. Global stats and leaderboards are kept over time for the total number of ships destroyed and the total number of A.I. players defeated at each difficulty setting.
A thousand years ago it stopped raining, and all Earth's water evaporated into the clouds. For over a hundred years people have been building towers to attempt to reach the clouds, so they can get the water they need to survive. And for over a hundred years they've failed. It's been a long time, but you're not done building yet. Cloud Climber is a short narrative adventure game, that can be completed in 10-15 minutes. You must explore each tower, to uncover the full story of what happened, and find a way to the last tower to continue builder higher. The game is a casual thought provoking experience, that tells a unique and compelling story. Features: -Fully hand-drawn graphics -Casual exploration based gameplay -Fully voiced narration -A short, yet satisfying experience Explore the last monuments of humanity, as one of the only people alive, while coming to terms with the bleak reality that lies ahead.
Curious Expedition 2 is a turn-based narrative roguelike that requires players to manage their resources and party members to keep insanity at bay and find glory. A grand discovery has been made: mysterious islands have begun to appear and vanish from the oceans as if by magic. The great Explorer Clubs are funding expeditions to these strange islands to bring treasures back for the 1889 World's Fair in Paris. Are you bold enough to join the adventure? Key Features: Explore fantastical worlds in a variety of biomes, each featuring a new combination of dangers and opportunities. Manage your resources to keep your trek alive and sanity high. Balance greed against your survival needs to find glory without perishing. Procedural storytelling makes every adventure unique. Your characters form relationships, change loyalty, acquire illnesses, and more in response to the environment and your decisions. Embark on an epic campaign that combines procedural gameplay with handcrafted story to create a narrative experience that can be played again and again. The new Director Mode adds modifiers and features to every expedition that will make your adventures boundless in scope and even more challenging. Dice-based combat mechanics will require all your cleverness to survive fierce wild animals and legendary creatures. Join weekly online competitions and pledge yourself to an Explorer Club to compete for unique rewards. Outfit your party members with equippable gear to create builds that can take on any challenge. Set off on a variety of expedition types , each with their own unique goal and events. Will you seek out the legendary Golden Pyramid or choose to recover the Rainbow Orchid instead? Discover mysterious locations and come across all manner of unique cultures, flora, fauna, treasures and more. 4K-native graphics inspired by classic Franco-Belgian comics. Veteran Curious Expedition players will discover plenty of new content : new items, character types, enemies, biomes, tribes, events, and much more!
900 is a minimalist action score attack game in which the player controls an entity that must absorb universes in order to grow endlessly.
In the dark and mysterious world of Closure, only what you see exists. Manipulate lights to phase objects in and out of reality in this multiple-award-winning puzzle game. Play as a strange spider-like demon who explores the stories of three human characters through beautiful, eerie environments such as a decrepit factory, a murky forest, an abandoned carnival, and the strange, surreal realm that connects them together.
Inspired by Victorian era science fiction writers such as H.G. Wells and Jules Verne, Ironcast is set in an exciting alternative history; a time when refined men and women in top hats and bonnets commanded gigantic walking war machines, laying waste to the enemies of the British Empire! Take control of a 7 meter tall walking vehicle called an Ironcast and face off against an invading force of enemy Ironcast in order to defend 1880's Victorian England. Battles are fought by generating resource nodes which in turn drive the Ironcast's various weapons and systems. You must choose how to spend these nodes wisely, either offensively in order to cripple and destroy your opponents, or defensively, if they suspect a barrage of incoming weapons fire is due. Features: Turn based strategy combat set against a rich and interesting alternate 1880's history. Roguelite campaign mode where death is permanent but with persistent rewards from one game session to the next. Drive back the invading forces and press forth for victory! Hand painted art style. Inspired by the steampunk genre and Victorian science fiction . Loot new technology and upgrade abilities from the wrecks of fallen enemies. Customise your Ironcast with a range of unique weapons and defensive systems. Over 50 different unlockable items will ensure an almost limitless number of combinations. Passive Augmentations allow players to modify their Ironcast's weapons and abilities. For PC , Mac and Linux .
People who suffer from epilepsy or have a strong aversion to flashing imagery should not play this game A ton of feathers is a VR game that pushes the experiential boundaries of VR to the absolute limit. You play as a writer in a future dystopian City asked to hunt down a serial killer by exploring The criminals books and writings, you are transported in to bizarre Worlds where you will meet Kings, robots, sentient teddy bears and more. The games genre hops from comedic to psychological horror With an overarching story that blends the narrative together in a hallucinogenic Robotik Joyride. A ton of feathers has to be experienced to be understood and presents a story that can only be told in VR. Length 30 minutes Original soundtrack full narration interactive environments intense visuals replayability Scott Waded sound design Ian decker Original soundtrack camille 3D design and modelling Mark Elstob Voice acting Tommy Nelson Original soundtrack negative xp Original soundtrack Noah Chalfant Original soundtrack Sims Original soundtrack kevin time 3D modelling
Bug Fables: The Everlasting Sapling is an adventure-RPG following three heroes, Vi, Kabbu, and Leif, as they embark on an epic quest in Bugaria in search of The Everlasting Sapling, a treasure that can grant immortality! Bug Fables combines colorful platforming with the heroes' unique abilities as they explore a wide variety of areas in the kingdom. Turn-based battles make use of Action Commands that can power up your attacks! Bug Fables, the critically acclaimed and Metacritic award-winning RPG, now includes the free Update 1.1! Experience new quests, new bosses, improved cooking and sprinting, and other mysterious additions! STORY Hidden within the foliage of nature lies a small but prosperous continent - Bugaria. Insects from all over the world travel to it in search of the treasure scattered across it. The most sought after of these relics is The Everlasting Sapling! Eating just one of its leaves can grant even immortality! In search of this ancient artifact, a brave team of explorers - Vi, Kabbu, and Leif - will travel across many different environments. In order to do so, they must work together to clear puzzles, defeat strong enemies and help the general bug populace! FEATURES Seven lush chapters of story following the heroes across Bugaria! Traverse vast overworlds that transition into turn-based combat! Use action commands with Vi's Beemerang, Leif's Ice Magic, or Kabbu's Horn to make attacks more effective or block enemy attacks! Turn the tide of battle with the Turn Relay feature to exploit enemy weaknesses with the power of teamwork! Explore unique areas including: The Ant Kingdom, the treacherous Snakemouth Den, the picturesque Golden Hills, The Lost Sands, and Vi's home, the Bee Kingdom! Utilize a cooking system to turn ingredients into items that can help you in battle! Engage in a Tattle System that lets you hear your party interact with each other as they discover all the secrets Bugaria has in store! Over 30 sidequests and 15 optional bosses!
Sapiens is the debut PC title from solo developer Dave Frampton, known for Blockheads , Chopper , and Chopper 2 . In Sapiens you create your own prehistoric civilization. Lead your tribe from the ground, immersed in the world while you shape it. Build towns and industry with complete freedom and control, from placing the tiniest pebble to constructing monumental structures. Start with nothing and advance through thousands of years of technological breakthroughs in this intimate yet expansive colony sim. Choose Your Home Pick from thousands of procedurally generated lands across a map larger than Earth itself. Choose wisely, as each area has different climates, resources, and challenges. Finding the right place to begin your home is key to growing your civilisation. Lead Your People Walk the paths beside your people as you lead them through this uncharted world. Instruct individual sapiens to focus on specific tasks, such as planting crops, gathering materials, building, hunting, cooking, and more. Watch as they learn new skills, making them more valuable to your tribe. Manage their moods, health, and support their growing families. Find Resources Find new resources and send your sapiens to investigate, leading to new breakthroughs which unlock new things to build and craft. Start with primitive materials and work your way up to using more advanced tools and techniques. Build A Civilization Build shelters, both to keep your sapiens happy and to preserve food and resources. Every wall, roof, seat or fireplace can be placed individually. Each tree, log, plank or rock can be removed or situated, and the terrain can be dug, mined or filled to shape the world the way you want. Expand Your Reach Send sapiens over long distances and establish camps to gather far away resources. Create transportation networks to bring those resources back to your base for processing or storage. Send a group to explore over great distances, or conduct a hunting mission. Take down a mammoth to feed and clothe your tribe for months, but know that you may lose some sapiens trying. Sapiens features extensive mod support through Steam Workshop.
A single starfighter trying to save as many civilians as possible before they are overrun by a destructive armada. You'll need to gather new weapons, upgrade your ship, find resources, trade with other ships and more to overcome the challenge before you. Each run is a uniquely created journey where you'll utilize your flight skills and strategy you've built over many runs to crush the challenges ahead. Features 8 unique playable ships you can discover and unlock. Procedurally crafted star systems, every run is uniquely challenging Dozens of unique and powerful weapons, items and upgrades to find, equip and progress your fighter Weapon hybrid system that allows for hundreds of unique combinations of weapons Dozens of challenging and diverse enemy ships to test your flight skills. You'll never know what you'll face next! Gather resources to power up shield generators to save civilians Find special events and secrets hidden in the stars Trade with roaming star ships to increase your odds of success Immersive blend of pixel art and procedural generated art to create beautiful galaxies Three unique regions to progress through, each with unique vibes, character and mechanics to discover
Lost, confused and alone. What will Kiara do when she suddenly finds herself with the power to control the age of flora and fauna? An ability that was bestowed onto her by a magical obelisk. Traverse a puzzle-platforming world unlike any other, full of myths and magic. Embark on an emotional journey where you will be faced with tough choices and must confront your inner demons. Follow Kiara as she is thrown into a world of wonder and heart ache. Manipulate the age of animals and plant-life as you find your way through intricate environmental puzzles and defeat the merciless bosses that stand in your way. Become Ageless: Equipped with a mystical bow, master the art of becoming Ageless. Dash off animals and plant-life to navigate through interesting puzzles and intricate platforming challenges. Unique Ageing Mechanic: Play with the laws of nature to control the age of animals and plants in order to progress through exciting levels. Not your Average Fairy-tale: In a tragic story of loss and personal discovery, Kiara must decide if she will use her newfound powers to face her inner demons or run from them. New Worlds to Discover: Explore new areas filled with unique plants and animals as you progress through the game. Each level is hand drawn to pixel perfection to create a beautiful world.
SkyKeepers is a hardcore action platformer following the journey of Tangi as he desperately fights to restore his village and preserve his way of life. Help Tangi defeat mysterious spirit monsters with powerful combo moves and slick teleportation features. With a surprise emotional twist - SkyKeepers subtly explores the nature of loss, grief, and acceptance. A Chief fighting to recover A tragic accident spirals Tangi into despair, turning him to stone. Unprotected, the village suffers onslaught after onslaught of unkept hostile spirits, called Wa'Kine, who now flood the islands. A year passes before Tangi awakes, emerging from his skin of stone to give witness to the devastation of his absence. Picking up his axe, he must conquer the demons of these lands to rebuild his village. To rebuild himself. Key Features Clever 2D combat with a twist, keep your combo going and your enemies airborne by teleporting to them mid-flight Unique journey through a fantasy world inspired by oceanic Austronesian culture Customize how you fight with unique special attacks then craft crests that alter and change your attacks letting you customize how you play Intuitive controls that let you get in the action and stay there Craft daggers, bombs and potions to help you dispatch the Wa'Kine An impactful story that explores the stages of grief Charming and distinctive art that creates a striking visual experience
Fear lingers in a remote laboratory after a physicist's suspicious demise. A police investigation resulted in nothing except a case as cold as the secretive personalities and steel walls that enshroud a top-secret Tesla-inspired facility. That's why the lab owner asked you, as Detective Nancy Drew, to expose the terrifying truth about The Deadly Device!
RUCKBALL is a futuristic multiplayer ball game in zero gravity. In the distant future, giant corporations are fighting for supremacy in ultra-mediatized tournaments. No holds barred in space. ZERO G RUCKBALL is a zero G sports game following the line of 'Descent'. There is neither up and down, nor left and right. You manoeuvre in 6 degrees of freedom. PHYSICS RUCKBALL has an advanced engine that can simulate physics, find the right angles and power, adjust your hitting and perform effects with the ball. The possibilities are unlimited. ADVANCED COOP GAMEPLAY RUCKBALL is a high impact 3vs3 sport game. Make perfect passes, strikes and blocks, master your environment to score goals. SPACE MELEE Players unleash everything they have to pummel each other into submission to score : you can dodge, punch and blitz. You might encounter some fierce brawl on the road to victory. CUSTOM Custom your player by collecting sponsors, emotes and legendary armors.
Hearts of Iron III lets you play the most engaging conflict in world history, World War 2, on all fronts as any country and through multiple different scenarios. Guide your nation to glory between 1936 and 1948 and wage war, conduct diplomacy and build your industry in the most detailed World War 2 game ever made. Features: Play as any nation from 1936 to 1948, more than 150 countries to choose from. Control the oceans with aircraft carriers, submarines and battleships and use your air force to defend your skies, support your naval and ground forces, and to bomb your enemies Thousands of historically accurate real-world military commanders and politicians. Realistic military command AI with unprecedented levels of interaction In-depth diplomatic and political system. Historical accuracy combined with an unparalleled level of freedom of choice More than 10,000 land provinces makes the game five times more detailed than HoI2 and the most detailed depiction of World War 2 ever made. Customize your divisions in detail with more than 20 types of brigades New economic system makes it possible to buy weapons from abroad. Mobilization and reserves gives the option of surprise attacks, Blitzkrieg made real. Government-in-exile makes it possible to continue to struggle from abroad with underground movements and uprisings against the oppressing power. Strategic warfare system makes it more important to defend the skies and oceans against foreign attacks; leaving cities open to enemy bombing will now be devastating. A completely new intelligence system, with several types of intelligence sources, makes it possible to get information about enemy reserves and troop movements. Assign troops to 'theatres' on the map to fight two-front wars more successfully. The new AI system and more detailed map will allow for more strategic decisions. Flexible technology system with hundreds of categories, where major powers get their own unique attributes.
FREEDIVER: Triton Down is a fully interactive single-player adventure experience in VR. Ren Tanaka is a freediver, capable of swimming to incredible depths without the use of scuba gear. A close call on her last dive has kept her landlocked for months, but when her mentor Dr. Lindstrom, an eccentric and brilliant scientist, claims to have made a stunning discovery in an underwater cavern, Ren decides to return to the deep. Survive a harrowing nautical disaster as Ren Tanaka, a world-class freediver. Oxygen is your only resource, the rising seawater your greatest adversary. Navigate virtual spaces with intuitive dive and swim movement. Stay calm, think fast, and use your environment to escape. Handcrafted music and SFX from an award-winning audio team. Dive into vivid underwater environments, brought to life in UE4.
The power of Hats compels you to avoid punches! Ultra Hat Dimension is a puzzle game about adorable hats and people getting punched for wearing them. The catch is that the player can't punch anyone; instead, they must use the power of hats to convince others to do the punching for them. Find and defeat the Spluff responsible for all this chaos! Explore through the levels of the majestic Spluff Palace to find and defeat your arch-nemesis! Features: Four kinds of adorably pixelated hats Charming music An epic puzzley boss battle
One-hundred years ago, The Infinity Engine was shattered and its reality-bending shards have destroyed most of the world. Now, it falls upon you to gather your forces, defeat your adversaries, and rebuild the Infinity Engine! Will you survive? Shards of Infinity is the follow-up to the award winning deckbuilding game, Ascension. Build your armies by recruiting allies and champions from four unique factions. Launch surprise attacks on your foes by instantly deploying mercenaries. Unlock limitless power by mastering the Shard of Infinity. App Features: - For 2-4 Players - 30 minute playing time - Network multiplayer - Local pass and play - Solo play against AI
Boon Boon is a 2D platform game which is based on the romantic story between two cute characters, Boon Boon and Luna who is his girlfriend. Boon Boon, a gentleman, had courage of speaking freely to express his true feelings. He knew himself better than anyone else. One day, he fell in love with a cute girl, Luna, who also had a crush on Boon Boon. Later he figured out by himself that she loved candies very much. He decided to start collecting candies but there were hurdles all over the place! The monsters and the guards were protecting the candies from getting stolen. Now, what will you do? Your mission is to collect candies and bring them to her to win her heart. However, it will not be that easy because the enemies are waiting for you. Key Features: 10 Levels to play. Collect all the candies. Different kinds of monsters like bird demon, ball, bat demon, and much more. 6 Lives to start with. Collect Lives and increase your survival duration. Various kinds of traps like acid, big choppers etc. Challenging situations and hard to master. Note: I am a solo indie game developer and I have created the graphics, artwork, character design, animation, programming except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game.
Madeleine Valois is a prince's companion. Her job is to guide and advise him, to make him look good so that he can land a royal bride. It is her responsibility to keep him out of trouble - not to let him walk blindly into a political minefield, not to let him get arrested for a crime he didn't commit, and definitely not to let him fall in love with her. Unfortunately, events are not going according to plan... A visual novel of romance and royal intrigue. With the succession at stake, who can you trust? Your choice of alliances will shift the story and bring you to fifteen different possible endings. Can Madeleine break free from the social obligations that keep her trapped and helpless, or will she be led into an even more dangerous trap of royal making?
Welcome to Parkitect, where you build and manage the theme parks of your dreams. Construct your own coasters, design an efficiently operating park that fully immerses your guests in its theming and play through the campaign. Both the campaign and the sandbox mode can be played in singleplayer mode or cooperatively by up to 8 players building together online! Build Create the perfect park for your guests! Deform the terrain, place water, build structures! With a huge selection of deco objects from various themes you can design your park however you want. And for more you can get custom scenery from the Steam Workshop or mod in your own! Top off that park with your very own roller coaster ! Design it yourself or choose from a number of exciting designs. Spinning, looping, launching, flying - with over 70 of the worlds most popular types of theme park rides you'll always be able to surprise your guests. Manage Building is only half of the challenge! You'll need to keep an eye on the finances and guest satisfaction to stay on top, and for the first time in a theme park game the 'behind the scenes' parts of your park have a meaning too! Route resources to your various shops without annoying your guests and keep the staff areas out of the public eye for the perfect immersive experience. Play Build your way through a challenging campaign! 26 scenarios with unique settings will put your theme park management and coaster designing skills to the test. And there's always more - download scenarios created by the community from Steam Workshop or design your own with the scenario editor. With the landscape generator you'll create your own unique setting in no time. And if you're more of a creative player there's the sandbox mode !
UPDATE 2.1.0: IMPROVED REFUGES, ADDED BREATHING RELAXATION EXERCISES, HARMONIC BRAINWAVE MUSIC TRACKS FOR MEDITATION AND A COMPLETELY NEW SCI-FI REFUGE! Mind Labyrinth VR Dreams lets you explore different kinds of imaginary environments and discover amazing new emotions in wonderful virtual dreams. It's a meditative journey with inspiring and encouraging phrases and actions to enhance the experience along the way. Explore different kinds of mental states and find your emotional balance while delighting yourself with the great soundtrack featuring music by Hollywood Oscar-winning composers and selections of the best international Artists. Lose yourself in a magical forest and relax in a fairy underworld with fantasy mushrooms and vivid shrubbery. Take your time to appreciate every little detail and interact with the environment. Face your stronger emotions when moving through flames and tornados or adventuring in a deep cave with only your lantern to light the dark around you. Mind Labyrinth VR Dreams is your personal VR world where you can choose whatever emotion you prefer to live with at that moment. Every scene comes with its individual set of default gorgeous music that best fits the environment you are in - you're also free to choose tracks from the entire collection to ensure you feel different emotions every time. You can also look for a special shelter and isolate yourself in a magical and safe environment to meditate. Search for the bright spheres of opportunities, collect them all and you will have access to a new heavenly environment and features which are continuously being updated with DLC . Mind Labyrinth VR Dreams is so much more; your fantasy world to go to when you want time to relax or feel new emotions! Mind Labyrinth VR Dreams - MY WORLD -
This game has been removed from Steam by the developer in protest of Valve's hands-off approach to dealing with toxic and hateful communities on this platform. Video games have fostered an extremely problematic sub-culture and it is this industry's responsibility to do everything it can to tackle this problem. Jettomero is available elsewhere if you would still like to play.
Build. Shoot. Survive invasion by filthy alien scum. Can YOU, Space Technician ace Dave Paprovsky, defend your spaceship against a relentless horde of aliens? Expect arena shooter action, tower defense tension and multi-arena madness! Spacejacked is a super fast-paced ARCADE TOWER-DEFENSE . Play as Dave, a lone technician tasked with protecting his spaceship from being overrun by aliens while it prepares to warp into hyperspace. Players who seek to experience a blend of action shooter and tower defense will enjoy this game! Features Defend both the ground and ceiling! No spot is safe from alien scum! Shoot up hordes of aliens with your trusty blaster , and when that isn't enough, build turrets and shoot some more! Experience crazy fast navigation between arenas via gravity flipping and teleporters as you defend multiple arenas simultaneously. Play through the Story Mode filled with quirky characters over the course of 2 major story arcs. Enjoy the even faster-paced Endless Mode and compete for high-score with friends. Conquer the Challenge Mode with demanding set-pieces only fit for the most hardcore. Rescue scientists and unlock weapon upgrades .
Combining elements from both trading and strategy games, Commander: Conquest of the Americas will appeal to a wide range of players. Players take charge of one of the many European powers aiming to conquer the New World. Starting from 16th century, players can choose from many different nations, each with their own unique strengths and weaknesses. Founding new colonies and then making them thrive is key to success. In order to accomplish this, players need to manage and optimize resources and production in their colonies, before transporting the goods to other colonies or back to Europe. Rival powers and Native Americans can prove to be allies or enemies, depending on the player decisions. Hostile fleets engage each other in highly detailed tactical level. Players can command their ships in RTS fashion or take direct control themselves. Features Conquer the New World Choose from 7 different European factions Manage your colonies and their resources, production, military, and much more Game world spanning from the Caribbean to Hudson Bay Naval battles with as many as 30 ships in varied environments and 2 different control modes Interact with both the European powers and the natives
'My own little planet' tells the story of a lost boy who is trapped on a dark and strange world. Fight your deepest fears and find an exit to this madness! Travel together with a lonely boy to a dark and strange world, where all of your fears and feeling takes the most terrifying form of existence. Without any memories nor guesses on how he ended up there, the boy must collect all the memories he finds in his way to put an end to this infinite loop of madness and fright. The game features : - 5 acts with 5 episodes each, that earns you more than 5 hours of a thrilling experience of gameplay. - INSANE bosses in the end of each act to test your courage and what you have learned from it. - A gallery that gives you necessary info of each creature that you have already found in the game. - Achievements that will blow your mind! - A soundtrack that will touch your deepest feelings! - And a story that makes even grown up men get a warmed heart. 'My own little planet' is not just a game that you play, but a game that plays with you!
NEW EXTREME PACK - OUT NOW Features our most hardcore workouts to date choreographed to 18 brand new music tracks. Designed to give us back the fun we lost in exercise, BoxVR is the award-winning VR fitness game where you jab, weave and uppercut your way through workouts in time to adrenaline-pumping music. Beat Gym Boredom Over 20 hours of fun workouts, choreographed by leading fitness instructors specifically to destroy calories in the most entertaining way ever. Exercise for All Whatever your fitness level, you can put on your VR headset and immerse yourself in BoxVR and workout almost anywhere. Track your progress Every workout is recorded so you can see how many calories you burnt. Set your goal and see your progress day by day. Workout Music Variety From Rock to Pop, Dance to Hip Hop, train to over 150 different music tracks. Train with your music Want to box to Samba? Kpop? Maybe a bit of Ska? If you are in the mood for something a bit different then why not make your own workout? With our Workout Generator you can analyze your music and create workouts that satisfy your every musical mood. Add-ons available Essentials Pack - an hour of brand-new workouts and music, it includes our most fun workouts to date. Extreme Pack - our most hardcore workouts ever, choreographed to 18 brand new music tracks. Available for Arcades via Steam Join our mailing list Keep up to date on the latest workouts, sales and special events. Visit our website to sign up.
After losing its home, one lonely Wum must travel the length and width of the world to find a new place to live. From the metropolitan haven Popocity to the cavernous Bliekopolis , our Wum will discover magical places and encounter strange creatures. But this Wum is no traditional hero and only by using wit and charm can it succeed in this massive journey. Wuppo is a two man passion project, with hand-drawn visuals, an extensive soundtrack and a huge world to explore. FEATURES Explore a wondrous world filled with Wums , Fnakkers and other strange creatures. Resolve an ancient conflict on your quest for a new home. Use items and social skills to overcome diverse challenges. Fight numerous enemies, ranging from small, to big, to MASSIVE! Collect filmstrips to discover the world's detailed history. Enjoy an enchanting and memorable orchestrated soundtrack.
Business is booming for La Soleil, the patisserie run by Kashou Minaduki with his two catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, his sister Shigure, and the Minaduki family's four catgirl sisters. Among them are the sarcastic oldest sister who hides behind a facade of toughness, Azuki, and the clumsy youngest sister who always tries her best even if she ends up doing more harm than good, Coconut. No one got along better than these two catgirls when they were younger, but lately, they've been fighting all the time. Despite their sisterly love, a small misunderstanding ends up driving a wedge between them. As the story of these catgirl sisters unfolds, they'll grow to understand each other and strengthen their familial bonds in this heartfelt catgirl comedy, which is only a little lewd. Now open for business!
CHUCHEL is a comedy adventure game from the creators of Machinarium, Botanicula and Samorost. Join the hairy hero Chuchel and his rival Kekel as they will be facing numerous puzzles and challenges in their quest to retrieve the precious cherry! The reward? Cheerful situational humor, wild music and sounds by the band DVA and dozens of hilarious gags that warm up even the coldest of souls. Plus cherries! Be ready to: Crack up. Many times Guide Chuchel through a set of original puzzles Enjoy hundreds of whimsical animations Beat stages inspired by classic video games Interact with dozens of funky characters Please your ears with soundtrack by the IGF Award-winning band DVA Build an inexplicable passion for cherries Laugh. A lot.
Welcome back to the 1980s, the good old times for gaming! When games and toys were pure fun and the world was much happier and less complicated! This game pays tribute to our childhood, when toys were still our major entertainments and digital games just started to flourish! With old school pseudo-3D driving crossing-over with child racing dashboard toy, comes with a nostalgic experience! Major Game Features: Dashboard toy setting: Remember that dashboard toy you used to own and play all day? Now this is your second chance to relive that moment of childhood! Nostalgic retro graphics: Fully immerse yourself back to the 1980s with pixel art graphics! Psuedo-3D at its best! 1980's chiptune music: Listening to these soundtracks alone will immediately bring back all those good memories! Test of your skills: There are 15 stages to conquer with 5 different endings based on your score! Can you manage to unlock them all? And much more!
Probably the most colorful horror game you've ever played. Hide from moaning disembodied eyeballs while facing existential dread, ambient music, and alternative medicine.
In her mid-20's, Kelly has been forced to move back to Nebraska. Back to that flat expanse, that seemingly endless sea of rustling cornstalks peppered by rusty silos and rustier towns. A typically intense Midwestern storm is approaching while Kelly is out; she needs to get home. Three Fourths Home is a visual short story in which you assume the role of Kelly during her drive through the storm. In the 20 miles between her grandparents' crumbling barn and her parents' home, she receives a phone call from her mother. While driving through a stylized representation of rural Nebraska, you must navigate an extended conversation between Kelly and her parents and younger brother. Three Fourths Home takes a look into a specific moment of these characters' lives and their relationships with one another. The narrative touches on a variety of issues affecting Kelly and her family, including disability, adulthood, and familial obligation. Gameplay As a visual short story, dialogue choice is the primary focus of Three Fourths Home . Between the main game and the epilogue, nearly 800 unique dialogue choices shade the story differently based on how you play. In addition to dialogue choice, you must also keep driving in order to keep the conversation going. Stop, and time slows to a crawl. Kelly has to move forward in order to get home. New to the Extended Edition For its Steam release, Three Fourths Home: Extended Edition includes an expanded edit of the initial release as well as several new elements, including a new epilogue in addition to a number of extra features. Epilogue: Idling in the Rubble Set at a bus stop in snowy Minnesota, Idling in the Rubble follows another conversation that Kelly has with her mother. The 20-30 minute experience delves into Kelly's past, examining her reasons for moving back to Nebraska and her internal struggle following the events of the main game. Extra Features Radio Listen to the soundtrack by Neutrino Effect Stories Four new stories penned by Kelly's younger brother, Ben Photos Take a look through Kelly's final project for her college photography class
Explore an unknown and abandoned world. Each step, each puzzle, brings you closer to discovering the history and secrets of a lost civilization. Can you find the light? There The Light is a short single-player, first-person puzzle exploration game. The game is split into 4 separate linear levels, each takes you deeper into the heart of the planet. I wanted to create an immersive world where story, visuals and music are merged together in interesting and creative ways. There The Light features 50 puzzles, and a soundtrack that grows and forms based on the interactions that you make in-game.
The True Slime King is single-player hardcore puzzle platformer with a focus on tight controls, challenging maneuvers, and mind-bending puzzles. Traverse diverse realms by using your sliminess to stick to walls and cling to ceilings. Whether you're a speed demon crushing records or you're just interested in progress through the story mode, one thing is guaranteed: you will die a lot in the process. But don't worry, you'll be respawned and back in the action just as fast as you can die. Through the power of immortality, you will become a master of slime in no time! Story Mode holds a vast overworld and 135 diverse levels spread across 5 realms, building up to epic boss battles. In-game level editor for easily building your own sadistic levels. In-game online level exchange for sharing and playing community-made levels. Vibrant chiptune-inspired soundtrack to match the colorful pixel art world. Hidden items and hard to reach bonus goo that can help increase your death count in case you felt like you were running low. Handcrafted puzzles that will make you question the physical possibilities of your slime character.
Highway Blossoms is a short yuri kinetic novel set in the American Southwest. After an old gold rush miner's journal is discovered, supposedly detailing where he hid parts of his stash, a nationwide craze begins as would-be prospectors try to solve its clues and strike it rich. Amber couldn't care less. Wandering the desert in a recently-inherited motorhome, she mourns the loss of her grandfather - indifferent and unaware of the hunt happening around her. It's not until she meets Marina, a young hitchhiker lost in New Mexico that the girls get swept up in the rush. At least tens of words, maybe even hundreds. Although the last word count puts it around 90,000, so expect 6 or so hours of reading. Grand, hand-painted vistas of actual landmarks in the western United States, all in glorious 1080p detail. A huge soundtrack featuring the works of Smoke Thief, Jake Abernathie, Able Kirby, and other friends of the team. Sounds right at home on your in-dash cassette tape player. Accessibility options for days, including the ability to skip through everything in less than five minutes. But who would wanna do that? Achievements, although to be honest, they might be stretching the definition of 'achievement.' Alternate silly content for second readthroughs that was written by the programmer with little to no oversight. This may or may not have been a good idea.
The age of heroes is passed, yet an ancient evil rises again. Follow the adventures of Karden, a blacksmith on the path to mastering his craft, forced to take a stand against Talameq, an ageless entity bent on devouring the world. Journey across the world and find allies in your fight against darkness while fending off Talameq's disciples. Arelite Core bridges the gap between traditional and modern JRPGs, bringing new concepts to tried and true designs and presented with high-definition retro inspired graphics. Key features Live a 20 hour cinematic story driven adventure Customise your heroes with unique stances and techniques Battle legions of fully animated monsters Forge unique master weapons and armor Immerse yourself with an amazing retro styled soundtrack Discover a plethora of secrets, collectables to gather, secret bosses to fight and find the famous developer room Play with a completely custom game engine, with advanced interactions and visual effects Relive the glory days of JRPGs as you remember them
The Colonists is a relaxing settlement building game inspired by classic titles like The Settlers and the Anno series. Take on a series of individual campaign missions, play randomly generated maps, compete on player-designed creations or build your colony unfettered by any constraints in the sandbox mode . You take control of a team of self-replicating robots built to simulate human civilisation. After escaping Earth, The Colonists are now free to roam the galaxy in search of a new home and construct their dream settlement. You'll advance through three different Ages as you build infrastructure for your colony by constructing road, boat and train transport systems. Harvest natural resources, set up farming and food production, create expeditions to discover new lands and research new technologies. With two separate mission tracks, The Colonists lets either you create sprawling settlements in peace or race to compete against AI colonies in military winner-takes-all scenarios. Explore, research, manage, tweak and refine to your heart's content. An extensive map editor and Steam Workshop support is included, so you can create, share and play custom maps. Features Campaign : 14 missions split into separate peaceful and military tracks Random Maps : Play on a near-infinite amount of procedurally generated maps Sandbox Mode : Customise various game settings to play the game how you like Steam Workshop : Play hundreds of player-generated custom maps Frontiers : Play and compete for the best time in a brand new map every month Challenge Trophies : Special speed-run challenges which test the most expert colony builders Map Editor : create, play and share your own maps
Game in development, many functions are not implemented. How long can you survive is a survival game in which the more time you spend in the same game, the more difficult it will be to kill the enemies. You control robots made by people who want to find a world to inhabit, since theirs was destroyed. In these worlds live monsters that have already fought against other robots and you will have the opportunity to get 'pieces' by destroying these enemies. The pieces will help you to improve your character and achieve a higher score. Try to reach the top of the leaderboards by achieving the fastest time possible in infinite mode. Gameplay select a character and choose the game mode, campaign mode or infinite mode. campaign: complete the list of missions and get the necessary coins to escape with the ship, if you die you will lose many pieces that will help you to improve your character. infinite: play as long as you want, the more time you spend, the more difficult it will be and the more loot you can get, when you see it too difficult, run away with the ship to avoid loot loss!
No jumping. Only falling. Serious Scramblers is a fast-paced vertical platformer where you can't jump. Descend through a hazardous pit and defeat a massive monster lurking in the deep in this small but unabashedly tough game! Fall your way through the super intense arcade action Randomized level generation Test your skills on challenging obstacles Unlock new characters - each with game changing abilities Get ready for the finale - MASSIVE BOSS FIGHT Mark your victory on the leaderboard Enjoy with some real sweet chip-tune music while playing the game Serious Scramblers features a colorful cast of unlock-able characters, each changing the game in significant ways. Here are some examples: Motoko - Time jumper Like a certain innovative FPS, time only moves when Motoko moves. There is a catch however, the level scrolls a lot faster when time isn't paused - so, unless you want to get skewered by the ceiling spikes, you'll have to make each move carefully! Silhouette - Gotta go fast Silhouette moves at top speed at all times, so avoiding spike traps is as easy as A, B, and C! However, the trade-off is that there will be significantly lesser gold coins to collect. Mummy - Gold Grabber Fancy getting more coins to unlock more characters? Mummy's the one to choose. It's worth noting that Mummy is one of the slowest characters though! Serious Scramblers is a highly challenging, yet simple game originally released on the iOS. While it has gotten a modest number of downloads on the platform, less than 1 percent of players have beaten the final boss. This led me to wonder how gamers on Steam would fare. Consequently, I decided to port Serious Scramblers to the PC while using this opportunity to touch up various graphical aspects of the game. It is a tiny and simple game, but I poured my heart into it! If you like a challenge, consider getting this game! I welcome all forms of feedback on the Steam forums, discord, and twitter! Thank you!
One of the most original games Sixth Extinction is not your average puzzle game. With a dark and hard-hitting story lurking beneath the gameplay, it's up to you to uncover the truth and play your way to an important revelation about both yourself and the world you live in. Discover your true nature: learn what your choice say about you, and open your mind to a positive change. Think outside the box: use your intellect to conquer the obstacles in your way, and discover the game's deep message. Short but thought-provoking: immerse yourself in an hour-long, atmospheric experience. Made with love: from the hand-drawn visuals to the poetic narration, every moment has been crafted to enhance your enjoyment. A dark message: the story of this game contains heavy themes of extinction, revenge and violence. An adult audience is recommended.
Clocker is a puzzle game about time. It stages a story between a father and daughter using a dual protagonists technique. By controlling two individual characters in turn, you will gradually solve puzzles, push forward the timeline and the adventure. The game features unique time mechanisms, an artistic hand-drawn sketchy style, thought-provoking puzzles and a heart-warming plot. A vexing and thrilling adventure awaits you! Dual protagonists narrative Control Father and Daughter separately to experience the complete plot from different perspectives. Time pause! Father's mysterious pocket watch is able to move throughout other characters' timelines in order acheive his ultimate motive, as a result changing the entire world. Where's the Father? Daughter's power can resume the twisted timelines, trace the clues and help her to find her Father. Large and complex logic framework! Each NPC has their logical structure. Every single change of the timeline will influence the entire plot. Unique and delicate artistic style The combination of 2D and 3D techniques illustrates a lifelike virtual world filled with characters that pop off of the screen and interact in detailed settings and backgrounds. Color plays a major role as different tones and shades represent time in various ways for an additional aesthetic experience. Through time and space, love survives.
Meadowland is, in its core, a story. It is a story of dreams, magic and places far away. It is also an interactive poem, and a slow-paced experience in ambient delight. Explore a world, and enjoy the sights and sounds of it as you do. In Meadowland you take the role of a faerie, and you are free to explore the world as you see fit, in any pace you deem necessary. As you explore the landscape you will come across magic, secrets, people, and hopefully, a purpose. The point of the game is relax and enjoy the experience provided. Let yourself be immersed, and take the time you need to see everything.
They Are Coming is a hybrid game that combines roguelike, tower defense, and base building in a side-scrolling shooter format. It offers a straightforward gaming experience for pure enjoyment. Gameplay In the 'Defense' mode, you are a post-apocalyptic survivor, returning to the orphanage where you grew up. With the responsibility of safeguarding your younger siblings, you must be willing to give it your all, erecting a formidable defense to prevent your hometown from transforming into another undead wasteland. Faced with an ever-increasing horde of zombies every day, you are fortunate that the orphanage has left behind an incredible arsenal of weapons and tools to empower you in your battle against these relentless foes. However, you must purchase these vital supplies from the administrator. Armed with your acquired weaponry and tools, you embark on the grim task of systematically slaughtering wave after wave of zombies. In the 'Playground' mode, you can play with unlocked in-game items without the looming threat of death. This allows you to assume the role of an omnipotent creator, crafting defenses against the very zombies that have claimed your life countless times. It's a unique opportunity to experiment, strategize, and turn the tables on these persistent adversaries, or just for fun. You will enjoy this game with Simple mechanism Zombie Shooting Base building Firearms Melee Weapons Ragdoll Physics Bloody Kills Custom Playground You will hate this game with Lost everything when you dead
Super Pilot is a F-Zero inspired arcade futuristic racer that lets you create, edit and share your tracks in the blink of an eye. Race at ridiculous speeds! Races here are all about skill and speed. No physics simulation, no weapons - just master the boost, the drift, and the extreme speed of your ship through impossible loops and turns. Compete with your friends in split-screen, or against up to 48 AIs, or race your way up the global leaderboards. Build the wildest tracks! Design your own crazy track by adding loops, twists, pipes, or making it vertical, upside-down, or whatever you'd like, using our powerful and easy-to-use track editor. Just draw something and start racing on it - it really is that simple! Share your creations! Once you're done designing a track, upload it and anyone can play it and compete with you on the leaderboard. Browse player tracks, rate them, or put your favorite ones together in an intense championship for everyone to compete on.
Welcome to Wurm, your new journey starts here. Step into a world born around the idea that sandboxes should give ultimate freedom, Wurm Online aims to hold true to the original sandbox vision. With sprawling seamless lands with no instances and a true open world experience Wurm Online offers limitless opportunities for you to write your story. Stake your claim anywhere in the world and build fully custom structures, wage war on our PvP server with kingdom vs kingdom warfare, or focus on crafting and exploration on our PvE servers. Since 2006 Wurm Online has pushed the boundaries of what it means to be a sandbox MMORPG and stood the test of time. Continually updated and evolving, this Steam launch brings fresh lands to explore and tame. Premium Subscription Wurm Online is a Free-to-play sandbox MMORPG with a premium subscription. The premium subscription allows you to access such things as: Allowing skill gain past 20, meaning the ability to ride more creatures such as horses, vehicles, and build even larger buildings Increased rare item chance Ability to invite villagers into your settlement And much more Premium prices start at 4 euro per month for new accounts in our special starter bonus! Play Your Way Wurm offers dedicated PvE and PvP servers, allowing you to choose how you want to play. Brave the wild lands of PvP where every player is an enemy waiting, or join the Freedom cluster and make your mark on the land. Explore the World of Wurm Explore the vast and wild lands of Wurm by foot, cart, horse and ship. Build everything from simple horse drawn carts to mighty caravels to travel the seas. Build roads across the land to connect the world together. Collect Resources Harvest raw materials from metal ores to wood, crops and clay. Refine them to turn them into useful materials and create items from tools and weapons to armour and furniture. Choice of material matters with different bonuses for each type. Create Everything You Need Craft and trade tools, weapons, armour and resources, using skills such as blacksmithing, carpentry, tailoring, and more, with over 130 skills in an uncapped system you can become a master of any and all trades. Shape the world The world of Wurm has no instances, any change you make affects others and shows to them in real time. The world of Wurm starts completely untouched by humans, with nothing but wild untamed lands. It is your job to tame this land, and shape the land around you by digging, mining and clearing. Found your own settlement wherever you desire with non instanced, fully customisable building and player housing. Fight for dominance Found a kingdom and work with others to build and conquer on our dedicated PvP server. Connect and expand your empire by building towers and compete with other kingdoms for dominance! Make Your Mark Become a master craftsman, a priest of one of four deities with the ability to enchant tools and weapons and destroy foes, or a hunter finding the legendary creatures such as the Troll king, Forest Giant or even Dragons!
Arcade Spirits, a romantic visual novel, follows an alternate timeline set in the year 20XX where the 1983 video game crash never occurred. After a turbulent work history, you are granted employment at the Funplex, a popular arcade, home to a host of unique personalities and customers. Where will this new-found employment take you? Who will you meet along the way? Will you find the romance you're seeking? Design your own character from the ground up - pronoun, hairstyle, skin tone, hair color, eye color and more are completely customizable and are reflected throughout the game in both gameplay and artwork! With roleplaying-based choices, you will be able to grow your personality and relationships in any way you desire; Friendship, Platonic or something more intimate! Work hard and build the relationship you desire with a total of seven romanceable characters! The Identity Identifier System, or IRIS, can track your relationship statuses with all characters throughout Arcade Spirits as well as your personality traits, from Quirky, Steady, and Kindly, to Gutsy and Basically. Everything you choose in Arcade Spirits, from your relationships to your personality, your crisis management moments, and a myriad other decision will have an effect on the future of your arcade!
Kainga is an ancient village builder set in an unusual world full of surprises. Adaptation is key where weather events, massive beasts or other tribes can easily erase you from history. Every time you play, your village's culture, technology, and appearance will be unique depending on your environment, the resources available to you and the choices you make. Design specialized towns with every play-through, and unlock the secrets of the world! At the center of your town is your 'Thinker'. This slow, weak, leader guides your people, discovers new technology and must be protected at all costs! The Thinker can discover technology at sources of inspiration, scattered around the map. Develop your town enough to be able to complete the Thinker's challenge, then move on to a new one! Create Unusual Cultures Every playthrough will lead to new surprises and different ways to interact with the world. Your culture develops as you adjust to your surroundings, no two playthroughs will be alike. Discover Over 140 Unique Technologies Shelter, food, and resources are the basics, but learn to use some of the most unusual technologies in Kainga. Windmills that push away weather, cloud-popping balloons and jars filled with amnesia smoke are just some of the technologies you can learn to master. Train Units and Tame Beasts From giant acid breathing snails to massive leviathans bursting out of the ground, Kainga's creatures are all around you. Learn to live alongside these beasts or tame them, build on them and ride them into combat! Defend Your People Demands, raids and aquatic ambushes await in every game. Grow your forces and train your units to wield swords, spears, bows and rifles. Defend your Thinker at all costs and protect your workers from invasions. Acquire New Knowledge for Future Runs Death is permanent and a looming threat, but the lessons you learn, the technology you discover and achievements you accomplish will allow you to get further on your next adventure! Unlock New Biomes, Technologies and Thinkers Complete a series of challenges to progress through the star-signs, unlocking new ways to play the game, more content and an ever-increasing roster of available technologies. Kainga is being developed by myself, Erik, a solo developer. My ears are always open to your suggestions, ideas and comments. Join the Kainga community and share your thoughts and ideas!
Ekstase Ekstase is a love letter to Berlin and its techno scene. Amazing techno beats and beautiful visuals set the stage for a game that honors the long forgotten falling block puzzle genre. Fresh but familiar gameplay ensures that Ekstase is easy to pick up and sink many hours into. With both classic and new game modes, there is something here for both the casual and the hardcore puzzle game player. Gameplay description In Ekstase, shapes of 3-5 blocks fall from the top, and as soon as they hit something, they fall apart. The scan line changes color every cycle and removes the squares you formed with blocks of the same color. Game modes Reach a 'state-of-flow' in Flow mode Flow mode is the frictionless 'jump in' game mode in which the game adapts to how you play. Are you getting better? The game will ramp up its difficulty. Are you getting worse? The game becomes easier. In doing so, the game teases out a 'state-of-flow' in the player, a state in which you are fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, involvement, and enjoyment. Keep a beat with Beat99 Beat99 is the rhythm mode in Ekstase . The goal is to rank up your multiplier by dropping shapes to the beat. You'll be given 99 'lives', dropping a shape subtracts one life, missing a beat subtracts ten! Try to survive as long as possible and try to score as high as you possibly can. Pick your own challenge in Classic mode In Classic mode you set the challenge. Choose the amount of colors and the speed of the shapes. Time Attack Can you stack efficiently? Prove it in Time Attack mode. Beat the highscore in a set amount of time. Two rotation modes Ekstase can be enjoyed in two different play styles; play style 'A' and play style 'B'. In A you rotate the colors in a stationary shape, in B you rotate the shapes. This way you get two games for the price of one! Accessibility Are you colorblind? No worries, I've got you covered! In the options menu, pick your type of color blindness for the appropriate color palette, or hand pick the colors yourself. Motor challenges? No biggie! Ekstase comes with custom button mapping and co-pilot. Do you find the background animations too distracting?! Not a problem! Turn it down, or all the way off, from the options menu. In Raskal's games everyone gets to play.
Develop the ultimate vaccine in Metavaxx, the world's first minesweeper shooter! Your mission is to train your new vaccine in a selection of various body samples. In each one, you'll have to identify infected cells using your minesweeper detective skills, and either shoot down those cells and the agents hidden inside them, or clear the way around them, only removing the healthy cells. You win when there are either only healthy cells remaining, or only infected cells remaining. The more cells remain, the more points you'll get to level-up your vaccine with unique upgrades! Carefully choose the order of your body samples, select your upgrades wisely, and try to make the most efficient and accessible vaccine to save as many people as you can around the world. Ask your doctor if Metavaxx is right for you!
Take on the role of Demi, a young soldier who wakes up in the empty shell of a ruined building, in the center of a strange new world, disconnected from her old life and physical body. With each new challenge she overcomes Demi slowly pieces together the future now laid out before her. This remastered edition stays true to the original concept with an emphasis on player skill and creativity, but with even more diverse mechanics and a more connected and varied world. Complete incredible feats of free-running and sharp shooting Run through expansive worlds floating above a vast abyss, use your rocket-powered exo-suite to explore hidden paths and collect power ups to boost your performance Try your hand at 177 challenges and experiment with 3 game modes Features lightning-fast, action-packed speedrunning gameplay: use reflexes and speed to compete for the top position in the leaderboards Will Demi learn to understand and accept her new world, or question her reality and learn to defy it?
Sometime in the late 2000s, Howard James Wright - an old but kind man - perishes. Leaving behind him many adventures, relics he's collected over the years as well as books authored, he is also leaving Sarah, his granddaughter behind. Having to shoulder the arduous task of clearing out her grandfathers attic, she is soon to find that not everything about her grandfathers attic is what it seems. What Never Was is a short, story-driven first-person game focused on exploration and puzzle-solving. You play as Sarah Elizabeth Wright, exploring through your grandfathers attic, solving small puzzles and uncovering the story through gameplay. What Never Was aims to combine the gameplay of classic point-and-click games with the control schemes of modern adventure and walking sim games. It is inspired by the likes of Myst, Indiana Jones and The Longest Journey and borrows themes from folklore, Norse mythology, and works from authors like H.P. Lovecraft. The game is the first solo game and passion project of game developer Acke Hallgren with the support of a handful of supportive creatives.
FOR EVERY CHOICE, A CONSEQUENCE. Fully re-mastered with HD visuals and audio, Fable Anniversary is a stunning rendition of the original game that will delight faithful fans and new players alike! The all new Heroic difficulty setting will test the mettle of even the most hardcore Fable fan. With no Resurrection Phials and even more lethal enemies to contend with, will you be able to survive? Forge a hero based on your actions: age and evolve a hero or villain through the actions you choose and the path you follow-be it for good, evil, or in-between. Build your living legend: Through deeds and actions, build a name for yourself across the land. Recruit allies and followers. Gain glory or notoriety. Who will you be? With an entirely new lighting system, slick new interface, all new textures, models and gameplay, Fable Anniversary is the full HD, definitive Fable experience. Find out more about the great changes in Fable Anniversary here.
Upon waking from a coma, Peet's girlfriend is nowhere to be found. Thomas Brush, creator of Pinstripe, invites you to investigate the screams coming from the heart of Blackfork Asylum, the increasingly violent behavior of the grown-ups, and the strange truth about Peet's past in this hauntingly dreamlike fable. Discover what's lurking beyond the doorbell in this strange tale that started almost a decade ago. From Red Wind Field to the haunting halls of Blackfork Asylum, explore six moody, illustrative levels. Fight your way through hordes of bosses, monsters, and blood thirsty grown-ups with your trusty baseball bat. Immerse yourself in a breathtaking piano-centric soundtrack. Join your quirky child-hood pals and trusty pet bird on an adventure to discover the truth about your recent coma. Neversong uses sound effect samples from Freesound.org . For a full list, visit .
An interactive meditation on the violence of nature and nutrition. Experience a wordless, poetic, and unsettling story of cooking and gardening in a series of point-and-click vignettes. Features: About 5 minutes of intense carrot interaction. More than enough for most! Natural carrot sounds and otherworldly ambience! Several achievements! Secret alternative ending!
In the great north lies the city of Serina. It is beautiful city, with a dark secret. For years, two witches have terrorized the city and taken over the castle within, with their dark magics. All attempts to slay them has failed. Only a true hero can answer the call of the people and stop the witches, once and for all. Then one day, a traveler arrives at the inn. Could they succeed where others have failed? Characters Gracie Gracie is the mage. She's a good, kind girl who comes to help the people of Clearmill out of goodness of her heart. She's somewhat shy and innocent which is a total contrast to her friend follower, Edea. Seraphine Seraphine is a German warrior princess who's adventurer with her sidekick. She's somewhat serious but still a nice girl. She's the only character who can wear even the heaviest of armors. Maiya Maiya is a cheeky rogue girl, out to get fame and money. Unlike the other two main characters where the follower provides humor for the serious characters, Maiya herself is the joking type while her friend is more serious. Maiya is the hardest character to play but very rewarding once she gets going. Minor characters Edea Edea is an elf fighter, but everyone just calls her Beans because she likes beans. Francine Francine is an adept magician who helps Seraphine. She has a crush on the German girl and tries her best to learn German to make her happy but sometimes mixes up words. Sophie Sophie is a serious fighter girl who's very protective of Maiya and loves her like little sister.
StarBreak is a unique skill-based action platformer MMO where you explore strange sci-fi worlds alongside dozens of other players, kill legions of dangerous aliens and fight epic boss battles.
Comedy Quest is a point and click adventure game set in the magical world of standup comedy. It meshes the retro look of 80's Sierra games with the feel of Lucas arts adventure games. The game begins with you as a young hopeful open mic'er. Trying to be the worlds greatest comedian. Armed with no money and a note book for writing new ideas down. Your adventure will take you to some pretty amazing places. Featuring the voices of: Fabian Lapham, Jarrod Fitch, Ted Wilson, Doug Gordon, Angus Hodge, Demi Lardner, Mog Thistlethwaite, Ged Cogley, James Masters, Bert Goldsmith, Lauren Bok, Neil Sinclair, Nellie White, Craig McLeod and Trav Nash.
Tormented by remorse, the retired butcher comes to a ZOO Island to spend a quiet vacation. Unfortunately, he accidentally gets into conflict with the powerful creatures. Peace of mind will cost him dealing with the... United Forces of Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, Cthulhu, Carnivores and Aliens. Here comes the Ultimate Summer. Survive 14 days on the contaminated island. Gather the resources. You can recycle almost everything. Set the traps to defend your base. Upgrade your weapons to destroy the unwanted visitors. Exterminate the enemies and feed animals with their souls. Important numbers: 30 regular enemies. 14 bosses. 18 traps to set. Each with 3 upgrades. 9 weapons to shoot. Each with 3 upgrades. 4 kinds of resources you can craft with.
Flairtender is a virtual reality bartending game that has you mixing drinks with style! Start off small making a few simple cocktails, and in no time you'll be a master mixologist. Your drinks will be judged on speed, accuracy, and style, with better tips coming from better drinks! Use this cash to build up your bar and expand your repertoire. Create your own personal cocktails and add them to the game! Features Over 60 recipes of IBA official cocktails, learn these drinks and apply your knowledge to real life! Over 50 unlockable liquids, garnishes, glassware, and decor items! Tend mode, where patrons will order new drinks and wander around you bar Two locations, including a Tiki Bar! Create custom cocktails and add them to the game, or disable cocktails you don't like Practice at your own pace Play custom .mp3 files for bar music Low gravity mode, because why not? Trailer created by Winter Fox Productions Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
Thank you for submitting your application for the position of Hell's Manager. We are pleased to offer you the job and extend a warm welcome to our team. As you may know, we have some overpopulation issues that we believe can be resolved with your help. Your role will involve not only managing the current population but also implementing innovative strategies to streamline our operations. You will be tasked with punishing sinners using our state-of-the-art computer system, HERETIC'S FORK, developed by DeusVult Inc. We are confident that your skills and expertise will greatly contribute to maintaining order and efficiency in our unique environment. We look forward to having you on board and seeing the positive impact you will bring to our organization. 1. Choose a demon to act as your subordinate who will manage all site operations. 2. Protect the rift between Hell and Earth from escape attempts by dwelling heretics. 3. Punish sinners with monstrous towers that deal Holy, Unholy, and Hellfire damage. 4. Plan strategies and build strength using our deck-building system. 5. Achieve great results to receive more cards for your deck. 6. Work for various departments, each representing a circle of Hell, and cooperate with them. 7. Ensure that sinners do not damage our property by keeping them from passing through. 8. Receive wages for each shift based on the number of sinners punished. Your success depends solely on you. 9. Be an integral part of our fun and delightful team with a shared dark sense of humor.
Sumire is an indie narrative adventure, featuring a one-day journey through a picturesque Japanese village. In this enchanted place, a disenchanted girl named Sumire meets a mischievous spirit who makes her a deal to fulfill her most desired wish. But in order to see this wish come true, she must complete a series of tasks in return, before night falls and this special day reaches its end. A Narrative Quest-Driven Adventure Follow Sumire on a series of quests both big and small, given by charming forest creatures, quirky townspeople, and Sumire's own heartfelt needs. Take or refuse them, but be wary: as the day progresses, your path will change and you may never get the same chance again. Discover collectibles, bonus items, tests of skill, and other challenges -- some hidden, some not. Explore a variety of lush, beautiful environments rendered in a painterly style. A one day time limit. With the sky changing from the promise of morning to the soft twilight, all choices are finished when the sky turns to violet. Between the Magical and the Mundane For a single day, the magical world crosses with ordinary life for Sumire. Within this ambiguous time, be extra mindful of words, choices, and actions taken. What awaits at the end of the day...? A Day to Remember, and Choices to be Made Guide Sumire through her reality, her dreams, and her memories. As the sky changes throughout the day, Sumire too must come to terms with the changes that have affected her life, as well as those around her. How Sumire ultimately addresses these matters is influenced by the player's guidance, seeking to turn a life unlived into a final dream come true.
In Delicious - Emily's New Beginning, Emily's lovely little family welcomes its newest member! After the birth of their daughter, Emily and Patrick have to pick up daily life. Although there are lots of loving moments to cherish, local rivalry and the combination of work and parenthood are challenging. Will Emily's Place be a success again? Find out now and play Delicious - Emily's New Beginning! Currently Mac version only available in English.
History: The game takes place in 2215. Mankind is exploring the solar system and new big cities on Mars. Terra-formation of Venus is in process. Suddenly terrible news has come from the outskirts of the solar system: our civilization was attacked by the alien armies. A terrible war begins, humanity is surrounded, enemy space ships press the earth's army. The mankind is forced to be mobilized. During the war it becomes clear that enemy troops completely consist of robots. Scientists work day and night, studying enemy trophies and create army of robot spaceships. In order to compensate lag in technologies, terrestrial ships are constructed with use of alien technologies. Days pass, and it becomes more and more clear that the war will be lost. Besides, aliens begin to use their special equipment that create noise and prevent controlling the terrestrial robot army. As the last hope people decide to use the invention of professor Likhtenshtarts: the cybernetic intelligent module allowing to copy human consciousness inside it. Such module will allow to create the autonomous robot-ship-soldier. As a source for copying of consciousness to the intelligent module, the most skilled and successful military of the last time - sergeant Gregor Golovkoff is used. Secret operation is performed. And the module in a body of the best robot-ship is sent to the space base of newcomers near the satellite of Saturn where main enemy forces are concentrated...
Take control of shovel-master Fagus the grave robber extraordinaire in this third person stealth action-adventure. It's a curious blend of whimsical English comedy and grim Dickensian horror made by a two-man team dedicated to fun, addictive gameplay. Key Features 18 Dickensian graveyards 5 ghost types with individual AI 1 unlockable bonus graveyard and a gravel-voiced grave robber
A bored squirrel wants to create a new game and thinks 'what about a fusion of the falling blocks game with Jankenpon'? Then we got Cut Smash Wrap ! In this simple puzzle game you need to destroy the blocks using the combinations of the famous Rock, Paper, Scissors: smash scissors blocks using rock blocks, cut paper with scissor and wrap the rocks! When you match 3 or 5 blocks you get your score multiplied! Challenge this unique puzzle game by yourself or try to beat your friends and find who's the best! Pretty and light graphics inspired by classic puzzle games of the 90s era Easy to learn and play with simple and intuitive mechanics Nice sound and addictive rhythm
The fantasy bullet battle to end monstergirl genocide! Turn hateful humans into lovable demons in this 90s arcade style shooter, inspired by Raiden Fighters , Strikers 1945 , and Battle Garegga . The exiled princess Amelia has turned into a succubus and joined the peaceful monstergirl tribe. Then invaders arrive led by her sister Angelina. Fighting back with her newfound powers of hypnosis and demonization she departs to take on the kingdom in a desperate bid to save her new people. Seven challenging hand-crafted levels packed with beautiful pixel art - defend your forest, fight through towns, break monstergirls out of dungeons, race against cavalry and more Battle fearsome enemy forces - masses of infantry and artillery, nimble swordsmen and assassins, tricky spellcasters and mighty magical constructs Capture their souls - transform them into fellow demons and watch their powers grow with yours Simple game systems reward natural and intuitive play - stay alive, shoot and bomb, and the rest will follow Three difficulty levels - beginners, enthusiasts, and experts can all enjoy Rock out to a gritty, stompy YM2612 FM synth soundtrack Rich retro visual customization - portrait or landscape, low or high res, smooth or sharp pixels, stretch or no stretch A twist on the old monster-slaying story - includes free digital comic book revealing events before the game
Grand Mountain Adventure: Wonderlands lets you explore freely and at your pace entire ski resorts and the surrounding mountains. Unlock ski lifts and reach new areas by competing in challenges, or enjoy the scenery while you find your own path down the mountains. Fancy having fun with your friends? Go on and play in local multiplayer up to 4 players. The choice is yours! Exploration: Strap on your skis or board and explore 12 huge open-world ski resorts. Discover powdery backcountry areas, deep forests with wildlife, busy slopes, steep cliffs, high peaks and cozy mountain-side villages. Challenges: Compete in Super G, Slopestyle, Big Air, and many other disciplines. Search for hidden challenges and secret trials outside the slopes. Collect Ski passes all along, the game collectibles! Multiplayer: Play in Local Multiplayer for up to 4 players. Race to the finish line, knock down each other with snowballs or cruise down the mountains together. Feel free to explore the mountain together. ZEN Mode: ZEN MODE is all about having a quiet and regenerating time for yourself. All Challenges, trials collectibles and even NPC are removed!
Plan the perfect heist using creative problem solving, brute force, and everything around you. Teardown features a fully destructible and truly interactive environment where player freedom and emergent gameplay are the driving mechanics. Tear down walls with explosives or vehicles to create shortcuts no one thought was possible. Stack objects, build structures, or use floating objects to your advantage. Take your time to create an efficient path through the level, plan the heist and get ready to execute it. Run, jump, drive, slingshot. Do whatever you need to collect targets, avoid robots or steal whatever your clients ask for. But make sure not to get caught! Campaign With your company pressured by increasing debt, you start accepting work from some more or less shady individuals. Soon you are knee-deep in a murky soup of revenge, betrayal, and insurance fraud. Beginning with some more or less legitimate assignments, you soon find yourself stealing cars, demolishing buildings, blowing up safes, avoiding trigger-happy robots and more. Upgrade your expanding arsenal of tools by searching for hidden valuables scattered around the environments. Sandbox Play around in the various environments with the tools you have unlocked. In this mode you have unlimited resources and an abundance of vehicles. No pressure, just pleasure. Challenges Test your skills in experimental game modes. New challenges unlock as you progress through the campaign. Modding Teardown has extensive mod support with built-in level editor, Lua scripting and a Steam Workshop integration. Build your own sandbox maps, mini games, tools, vehicles or try out existing mods from the community. Features Fully destructible voxel environments Realistic physical simulation of objects, debris, vehicles, water, fire, and smoke 17 different tools ranging from sledgehammer, blow torch and fire extinguisher to guns and explosives Campaign with 40 missions in an escalating storyline Sandbox mode for you to roam around in the various environments Extensive mod support and Steam Workshop integration
Enter Japan in the age of warring states. At the center of this role-playing, action-adventure simulation of combat, statesmanship and intrigue, you are a samurai warrior struggling for honor. More important than life itself, honor is crucial to achieving your ultimate goal: unifying feudal Japan under your noble rule. Game Features: Computer-controlled opponents make decisions based on your actions - and on the actions of other rival characters. Furious melee action against multiple warriors takes place in castles, villages and rice paddies. Vindicate yourself in duels against rivals who would like nothing better then to diminish your Honor. Feel the drama and immediacy of real-time battles involving infantry, cavalry and muskets on battlefields that vary with every conflict. Untie all 48 warring provinces in common allegiance to you, and earn the title of shogun, military ruler of all Japan. Fun and Easy to control! Four skill levels, plus other starting options An ingenious system of menus, animation and text windows - pioneered by MicroProse in Pirates! - conveys the detail of text with the fun of graphics and animation. Authentic Japanese music and graphics powerfully evoke the mood of Sixteenth century Japan.
A 35 part obstacle course that is deceptively simple and infuriatingly obvious in the most difficult way. Your memory, reaction time, hand eye coordination, and critical thinking will all be challenged. You will die hundreds of times before beating this game, because you will fail. The game is the same, but each level provides a new challenge to never let you plateau. Each goal is the same, make it to the other side using only your wit and skill. How you reach it depends entirely on you. TWITCH INTEGRATION The new Twitch Integration lets your viewers become part of the game by raining bits, followers, and subscribers.
Antichamber is a mind-bending psychological exploration game where nothing can be taken for granted. Discover an Escher-like world where hallways wrap around upon each other, spaces reconfigure themselves, and accomplishing the impossible may just be the only way forward. Several years in the making, Antichamber received over 25 awards and honors throughout its development, in major competitions including the Independent Games Festival, the PAX10, IndieCade and Make Something Unreal. Antichamber was also supported by the Indie Fund. Key Features A deeply psychological experience that will make you question everything you know about how a game works. Mind-bending challenges that will subvert your expectations at every twist and turn. An enormous, seamless non-Euclidean world to explore. Lifelike soundscapes developed by Robin Arnott and an ambient soundtrack composed by Siddhartha Barnhoorn. A gun that can create, destroy and manipulate matter, allowing you to discover new ways to overcome your surroundings.
Wolfpack is a realistic, first person, co-op U-boat game where one or multiple crews of players man the stations of a highly detailed German type VII U-boat during the Second World War. The crew will encounter large randomized convoys of merchants escorted by destroyers, sloops, and corvettes. Their objective is to intercept and sink enemy ships and escape undetected. Each player mans a station in the U-boat, and the crew will need to cooperate in order to succeed in their mission. Unlike other submarine simulators, Wolfpack is designed for players to procedurally manage the submarine through direct, manual interaction with valves, levers, and instruments. Each U-boat has up to five players: The captain, the helmsman, the dive officer, the radio man, and the navigator. The radio man operates the hydrophone, radio, radio direction finder, and Enigma machine. The helmsman controls the U-boats heading and speed, and operates the torpedo data computer. The dive officer controls the depth using the dive planes, ballast and negative tanks and serves as a lookout and gunner for the deck gun and anti aircraft gun. The navigator calculates the position of the u-boat, and determines the best route to intercept enemy convoys. The captain is the commander of the U-boat, and leads the crew. Wolfpack also features a single player mode where one captain can easily manage his U-boat solo. Plus, it is easy to start a mission solo and allow other players to join the battle in their own subs as part of a wolfpack. The captains can use the U-boat radio to communicate with each other just like the real U-boats did. All stations and instruments in the U-boat are carefully modeled after original pictures and sources, and kept as realistic as possible without compromising usability. The game contains a fully operational torpedo data computer, manual navigation tools, and ship recognition manual.
Giant Missions, Giant Fun in pint sized Micro City. You are the Giant Cop. Use your size to your advantage to explore the open world, find hidden interactive objects and tower over the city uncovering a criminal plot that threatens Micro City. Giant Cop is a satirical, narrative driven game, a vibrant, 70s styled open world with a sandbox design, giving you the freedom to fight crime in a giant way. KEY FEATURES: - Immersive open world - the city and its people react to your every move.Narrative focused - a deep narrative experience, with satirical humor. - Sandbox gameplay - explore the open world, find hidden interactive objects and tower over the city uncovering a criminal plot that threatens Micro City. - Missions - you will be tasked with ridding the city of the savage cabbage, cleaning up neighbourhood crimes like noise complaints and keeping pesky protests under control. - Hours of story missions to play and nearly endless open world experiences - Vibrant 70's style and soundtrack - we know you can dig it.
Slime Escape is an intense game: MrSlime needs to escape the mystery dungeon as soon as possible! Help him flee the dungeon by completing all 30 levels. Key Features Really Tough Challenges - 30 unique, handcrafted levels! Tight and Juicy - Controls are fine tuned so that it's fun and satisfying to move around! Steam Achivements
A surreal narrative focused roguelite text adventure. In it you play a man stuck in the same day who has to get to the top floor of an unusual building to find his loved one. Each floor is a perilous mystery to unravel. Each time you die the day resets. Featuring: Time travel mechanics in a text adventure A tailor-made soundtrack A unique art style A story
Sprinter is a challenging, top-down action game, with striking minimalist artwork, soaked in a dynamic original soundtrack that builds and interacts with the player as they progress. Key Features: Addictive, challenging gameplay that features lightning quick retries. Minimalist aesthetic with a hand-drawn feel and an color palette that shifts as the player progresses. Atmospheric original soundtrack that reacts to the player -- building to a fever pitch with each chapter. An illustrated narrative told exclusively with visual imagery featuring perspectives on an intimate family story.
Ugmania is an open world sandbox survival game with a whole universe full of colourful and quirky planets to explore! Fly between procedurally generated worlds, land on them, mine resources, fight deadly enemies and bosses, spelunk through caves deep underground, uncover ancient mysteries, and discover the truth about your race! With many weapons, armours, and everything in between to choose from, you can play however you want! With lore that doesn't intrude on gameplay, action packed combat, satisfying resource management, and a unique home spaceship system, Ugmania is a new take on the classic survival genre. Fight! To get the resources you will need, you have to fight! Every planet presents its own dangers! From hazardous radiation and lava, to deadly slimes and snowmen wielding guns and dumb looking lizardmen! Every now and then, you might be confronted with a more dangerous adversary who will stop at nothing to break your bones and leave you dead! Gather! With different tools such as dynamite, pickaxes or capitalism, you can collect the resources that you need to craft better and better gear! Mine rocks, dive into caves to get better rocks, chop trees to get leaves and wood, collect gases from planets, or try to buy your way to victory with the local capitalist villagers! Explore! With a whole universe available to you, theres a lot to explore! 7 different planet types with different flora and fauna are out there, waiting to be explored! Every world is procedurally generated, no two are the same! And deep below, you might find something... something strange.
The Christmas Gifts is a 2D Old School Christmas Themed Action Platformer based on the story of a boy named Kim who is in search of his gifts which got stolen from his garden. He found out that his Christmas gifts have been stolen by some rogue creatures and he started looking for them desperately. However, the creatures decided to stop Kim at any cost and they intentionally hid all of the gifts inside the magical chests which could be unlocked and opened by collecting red and blue balls. He initiated his journey of eliminating the enemies and finding the chests. His mission is to find and reclaim the stolen gifts by any means. Will Kim be able to unlock the chests and get his rewards back? Will he be able to succeed in his mission? His fate is in your hands now. Key Features: 12 Levels to Play! Two kinds of firing modes! Challenging Situations and Hard to Master! 3 Boss Battles! Receive different kinds of rewards at the end of each level! Lots of Deadly Traps, and Enemies! Note from the Developer: I have done all of the graphics, pixel artwork, level design, programming myself except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game.
The first hi-res 2D fighter from the creators of the Guilty Gear series! BlazBlue is a traditional 2D fighter where two characters participate in a duel. The story of the game involves dissent and destruction among a powerful council, known unofficially as 'the Library,' which controls a great power that once saved humanity, but which now wields its power in protective, some say repressive, ways. A round is called a 'rebel' and one match can consist of one to five 'rebels'. To win a round, one player must either incapacitate the other by inflicting damage through various attacks to reduce their opponent's health to zero or by having more remaining health than their opponent after the clock runs out. Every character has a weak, medium and strong attack. Also every ones has a 'unique' technique, called a Drive attack, which is different for each character. Key Features 12 unique batants to choose from! - Choose a character that represents your own fighting style like the lightning-fast Taokaka or the wickedly powerful Tager. Drive your way to victory! - Use the unique Drive Attacks specific to each character to decimate your opponent. Depending on the character control the elements like wind and ice or even absorb the life force from your opponents. Experience the beauty of high-resolution hand-drawn sprites on 3D backgrounds all in glorious high-definition. Various modes - Arcade, Versus, Score Attack, Training, Gallery and a pletely fleshed-out Story Mode that tells the tales of each character. Bonus Contents - 2 CD's worth of OST included with a total of 42 music!
Parallyzed is an atmospheric adventure platformer with unique gameplay, set in a dark and enchanting dreamscape. Blue and Red are deeply-connected twin sisters with very different personalities, abilities, and attributes. One day, in a moment of jealousy, Red pushes Blue off a swing, paralyzing her. Devastated, Red realizes she can enter Blue's mind and, working together, help her sister emerge from the coma and return to waking life. You play both sisters simultaneously. Red and Blue have the ability to swap bodies at any time. Help them make their way through an ever-difficult, spooky landscape that keeps trying to block their progress. Each sister's color and size must overcome the color and size of each dimension's obstacles. - 25 tough-but-satisfying levels - 25 beautiful locations - Unique gameplay twist in each level! Split your mind in two and get lost in the unparalleled beauty of Parallyzed!
Take control of one of five playable characters in the Special Edition of Devil May Cry 4, the ultimate version of the smash-hit stylish action game! Devil May Cry 4 immerses gamers in a gothic supernatural world, where a new protagonist clashes with a familiar hero. As the new leading man, Nero, players will unleash incredible attacks and non-stop combos using a unique new gameplay mechanic, his powerful 'Devil Bringer' arm. On the coast of a distant land lies the castle town of Fortuna. It is here that the group known as the Order of the Sword practices a mysterious religion. They revere the demon warrior Sparda, who as their god fought to protect humans, and are committed to the extermination of all demons. Nero, a young knight from the Order, is tasked with finding Dante, the mysterious assassin who murdered the head of the Order of the Sword. At the same time, more demons begin to appear throughout the city. Nero will soon come to discover the motives behind Dante's appearance and the truth behind the intentions of the Order of the Sword. Features THREE New Playable Characters Vergil is a strong, yet technical character, so newcomers can play with confidence while seasoned veterans can further sharpen their skills as they master his moves. Great for all skill levels! Lady, in her first playable appearance, specializes in long-distance, powerful attacks. Using the Kalina Ann rocket launcher, a grappling wire, and a variety of awesome guns, she can fight with grace and ease. Trish utilizes the demonic sword Sparda to perform a wide variety of combos. The Sparda can even home in on and attack enemies autonomously while Trish fights in tandem! Legendary Dark Knight Mode Fight a massive number of enemies simultaneously for extra difficulty and maximum satisfaction! Refined Gameplay Small adjustments have been made to improve the gameplay tempo, and provide an even better experience for players both new and returning. Returning Features Signature blend of guns and swordplay Deep combo system rewards stylish dispatching of enemies Distinct set of weaponry and moves for all characters
Wizard with a Gun is an online cooperative sandbox survival game set in a magical wilderness wrought with dangerous creatures and arcane mysteries. Embark on a journey alone or with a friend to collect, craft, and outfit your wizard however you see fit as you explore the unknown. Carefully design weapons, bullets, and furnishings for your tower home but try not to burn it all down as the magic you wield escalates beyond your control... Magical Weapon Customization Collect resources from the world and craft unique enchanted ammunition for your arsenal of guns. Combine elements for intended or suprising effects that alter the shot, blast radius, bullet trail, and even the status of the creature in your crosshairs Customized Whimsical Wizards Create a dazzling wardrobe for your magic wielder from robes and hats to armor and accessories - functional and fashionable in a way that's sure to impress. Randomly Generated Biomes Explore and uncover new sections of the world filled with deserts, swamps, tundra, and prairies - all loosely floating together through space and time after the world was fractured. Unleash cosmic power from the safety of your tower to reset the world and emerge once again to find a new layout to once familiar lands. Cooperative Adventuring Survive alone or with a wizard friend in online cooperative play to combine resources, magic, and creativity in your tower building. Or just watch it all burn down together - the choice is yours. Systemic Gameplay Experiment with new spell combinations and find out how they affect enemies and the world around you the hard way. Creative arrangements can lead to powerful creations that overwhelm your foes while untethered amalgamations can be a recipe for disaster!
Work your way through the skyscraper to rescue your wife from terrorists in the digital adaptation of this solo card game. Manage the central row of cards, balancing when to hide and when to push your luck, collecting items and weapons, risking a fight, as you race against the clock. Explore your current location by drawing cards into the main row. Spend cards in the main row to activate another card in the row, gaining an item or weapon, rescuing a hostage, or moving to the next location. Some cards generate noise while in the main row; too much noise and the terrorists will attack! Roll dice to fight the terrorists and overcome obstacles. Take the Hide action when the risk of terrorists attacking is too high, clearing the main row and losing time. Succeed in making it to the roof and rescuing your wife before you lose all your health or time runs out!
A fabulously wealthy game designer is found dead outside his castle in rural Vermont, and soon evidence shows that this was not merely a freak accident attributed to local superstition. Now it's up to you to investigate the murder and apprehend the guilty. Play as unlikely partners -- ace sleuth Detective Guy and Cleo the clue-sniffing dog to explore the castle grounds, search for clues, and question suspects. Can you solve the case? Features Murder mystery whodunit Play as a detective and dog crime-solving team Explore the area and look for clues Interview suspects and make deductions Solve the case and apprehend the guilty
Gnomoria is a sandbox village management game where you help lead a small group of gnomes, who have set out on their own, to thrive into a bustling kingdom! Anything you see can be broken down and rebuilt elsewhere. Craft items, build structures, set traps and dig deep underground in search of precious resources to help your gnomes survive the harsh lands. Build your kingdom and stockpile wealth to attract wandering gnomads to your cause, but be wary of also attracting enemies! Key Features: Procedurally generated world - Every game is different Fully destructible environment - Everything can be mined, dug, chopped and rebuilt or used for crafting Open sandbox gameplay - Play how you want - manage a peaceful town or build up military and fend off invasions. Crafting - Tons of items to craft at different workshops Mechanisms - Construct elaborate contraptions using parts like hatches, levers, steam engines
Robot rebellions should be quelled by the best of the best. When the best of the best are killed... it's up to you. Subdue the uprising in time, or your corporate overlords nuke the city. Bionic Dues is a tactical, turn-based roguelite with mech customization. Guide multiple classes of Exos through a variety of missions filled with enemy robots that are as buggy as they are angry. This is at least as bad as it sounds. Explore for loot, destroy key robotic facilities, and brace yourself for the final attack by your enemies... just as soon as they can pull it together. Features Out-think wide-ranging tactical situations featuring robots with bad GPS, terrible aim, insecurity, a lack of focus, a tendency to backstab, and dozens of other maladies to exploit. Over 40 unique bots, ranging from the hilariously inept-but-dangerous DumBots, BlunderBots, and BatBots to the terrifyingly effective WyvernBots, DoomBots, and MurderBots. Carve your own path: choose 30 to 50 missions out of the 120 you discover as you explore the city map. Which missions you choose determines how prepared you will be for the final battle against the massing robot army. Missions come in 23 different general flavors, and are entirely procedurally-generated like a floor of a traditional roguelite. Mix and match your squad of four from six classes of Exos: Assault, Siege, Science, Sniper, Ninja and Brawler. Each has its own build and weaponry. Choose an overall pilot from a roster of six to add a powerful perk that lasts your entire campaign. Customize your four Exos with procedurally-generated loot that grants weaponry and defensive upgrades, new abilities, and more. Difficulty levels ranging from quite casual to incredibly hardcore. Save and reload your game with ease any time, or tough it out in ironman mode. Stellar soundtrack by composer Pablo Vega, headlined by the game's title theme 'The Home We Once Knew.'
Bear With Me is an episodic noir adventure game. Amber is trying to find her missing brother while being aided by her trusty teddy, Ted E. Bear. Being haunted by nightmares, Amber wakes up in the middle of the night only to find out that her brother Flint is missing. She seeks help from her trusted teddy, Ted E. Bear, a retired grumpy old detective. The dynamic duo sets out to hunt for clues and interrogate all the witnesses and suspects unaware of the dangers that recently started happening to residents of Paper City. The plot thickens as a mysterious 'red man' has been seen starting fires around Paper City and looking for little miss Amber. Features Story driven 'horror' noir adventure game. Uniquely drawn 2D Art-Style and 2D animation. Dialogues and interrogations full of puns. Sarcastic, dark and funny from start to finish. Variety of clues and puzzles to uncover the mystery. Interactive and occasionally playable detective sidekick, Ted E. Bear. Simple hint system to avoid pixel hunting. Original Soundtrack.
Flatspace is a top-down space trading game with the emphasis on free exploration. You become captain of a spaceship in a living simulation of a distant future galaxy. As a space pilot, you decide how to earn a living. Trade cargo or become a bounty hunter and track down the most wanted criminals in the galaxy, or even become a space pirate yourself. Command your crew, buy new and better ships and equipment. Upgrade, prosper and explore. This is no game, Flatspace is an artificial life to live. Flatspace draws on many game and science fiction influences including classic space-trading games like Elite, and Roguelike games, such as Nethack; to create an experience as exciting as any dogfight but with a realistic tactical edge to every aspect of the simulation. A large array of options and random elements make every game individual and unique. This, the first Flatspace game was originally developed in 2004 and is now remastered here for new computers. The game has two sequels; Flatspace II and Flatspace IIk.
Hard Times is an extreme urban survival game where you have to put yourself into the shoes of a homeless man, taking on all the challenges that daily survival places in the great metropolis of indifference. You will have to look into junk, beg for money, escape corrupt policemen and citizens maniac about decorum. You will feel hunger and cold. You will suffer in the long rainy nights and be glad when you can get a decent meal. You will have to learn to build your own tools by yourself, craft and recycle objects to gain resources. You will make artifacts of all kinds, including furniture, work benchs, kitchens, beds, cardboard boxes, storage containers for your little treasures and much more. You will probably have to give up your innocence to survive. Small thefts and looting will become a gesture of self-preservation, beyond any moral judgment. You will know the thrill of introducing into an abandoned property to take possession of it. You can choose whether to become a squatter and build your base in the city, live in a homeless camp or move your stuff daily with a cart to sleep every night in a different place. You will be hunting for rats and fishing radioactive fish to cook them in the live fire of an old rusty bin. You will contract illnesses, use drugs and experience on your skin as cold and indifferent the great metropolis can be for those who live Hard Times.
Bladestar is a sci-fi cinematic action shooter featuring visually rich worlds with potentially endless enemies on each level. Defend the galaxy flying a Manta Starfighter through asteroid, mine, and debris fields. Pilots can switch between three different weapons and collects numerous power-ups battling pirates, rebels, and aliens. Players can customize their pilots with upgrades and collect experience to unlock additional ship customizations. Key Features Over 50 action packed waves to conquer across 6 worlds. Procedurally generated content means it is never the same game twice. Eight powerful bosses. Customize your play style by learning different pilot skills in the Skill Tree. Over a dozen different enemies and obstacles. Unlockable custom paint schemes. Waves are beaten by collecting items. There are no timers and no need to destroy all the enemies. Unlockable secret level. 36 in game achievements which earn you experience. Multiple endings. Story and Arcade modes. Partial Controller support. Will you defend the frontier? Our plan is to make Bladestar the first in a series of games set in this universe.
Space tower, where the player controls a neat spherical CPU. The tower is full of various crises. In addition to the need to avoid falling from high places under normal gravity, area attacks of different types of damage such as lightning strikes, fire and freezing will appear. As the story progresses, you will experience low-gravity or even zero-gravity space, and the difficulty of control often overturns your feel that victory is inevitable. Move in the water with buoyancy Activities in low gravity without impact damage Add thrust in different directions to move Open the way with Hacking Abilities can be used after unlocking the coating Some special objects
Asemblance is a single-player, first-person, psychological thriller. You wake to find yourself trapped inside an experimental machine... A machine built to simulate memories. You no longer recall why you entered, but an AI voice guides you. Trying to escape, you face memories from a past you may not want to remember. But what is real? Are these memories your own? Can you even trust your own mind anymore? Are you even in control? Asemblance is the pilot episode of a mind-bending franchise inspired by The Twilight Zone, The X-Files, and the Black Mirror television series. Soundtrack by Seattle electronic artists Kid Smpl and Johnny Goss.
Robots, teleporters, jump pads, lasers! Be prepared for an action-filled challenging puzzle experience! Antiflux an oldschool-style puzzle platformer. Puzzles are complex but easy to understand. The platforming is simple but fun, controls comfortably with a touch screen or controller. Pick up upgrades along your journey recover lost research on an abandoned planet, and discover its dark secrets! Features: Puzzle-platformer with oldschool game design. Interesting mechanics and puzzles. Over 60 well designed levels. Complexity building permanent upgrades. Runs on Vertex Engine 7 - Custom built OpenGL ES2 engine. Full controller support. Atmospheric original soundtrack.
... Lost in Hell is a single-player game with endless hordes of monsters, grim characters and gritty scenarios! Blast your way through the evils on this atmospheric side-scrolling, with directional freedom to explore and combat, or to flee your enemies and spare ammo... ...Set in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger, in this 2D side-scrolling you will discover the truth behind a deadly outbreak in the remote mountains of Nunavut. Mysteries await inside a laboratory that had been operating in strict secrecy until a bizarre experiment goes wrong, prompting a former soldier with a troubled past to begin a personal mission to uncover what happened... ...What starts as an ordinary investigation soon turns more sinister as the night progresses. You must confront your fears, while discovering strange experiments, documents, and other secrets along the way. The conditions require you to utilize your military arsenal and scavenge for resources as deadly threats emerge from every corner. They appear to stem from an unknown menace that blurs the lines between science and myth, a monstrous nightmare buried deep beneath the facade of progress in the name of humanity! KEY FEATURES MILITARY WEAPONS COMBAT AND EXPLORATION HORDES OF ZOMBIES STORY MODE IN-GAME CUTSCENES This game supports Gamepad USB Controller inside gameplay.
Talisman Prologue is an adaptation of the classic fantasy board game Talisman by Games Workshop. This version focuses on single player experience . An epic tale of dice rolling and card drawing takes you on a quest throughout the land to rescue Princesses, slay Dragons and recover lost artefacts. Play through over 50 quests using the Talisman board game rules, and learn the special abilities of all of the characters. It's important to note that this is NOT a multiplayer game based on Talisman, this is a reworking of the rule-set to allow solo players to experience Talisman in a different way. Features - 10 Characters 50 Quests Endless Re-playability Includes 6 bonus characters - Leprechaun, Amazon, Minotaur, Vampire Hunter and Sage The multi-player game, Talisman Digital Edition, is available separately on Steam and can be found HERE .
Dynetzzle is an original number puzzle game based on the features of a standard six-sided die such as it has eleven nets and the sum of the numbers on opposite faces is seven.
The meaning of gods and nature is almost forgotten in modern life. The world is suffering. The human has forgot, what it means 'to live in balance'. They've become exorbitant and egoistic. But not everything's lost. You are Inukari. The patron god of an ancient forest. Long forgotten and uncared, the light in your shrine has been lit by a small candle. Be as fast as the wind and investigate what may have happened. Features Charming Retro-Pixel 3 worlds with each 8 levels Fast gameplay with accurate control upbeat 8-bit soundtrack specifically made for this game unlockable Modi
A game with stunning graphics, realistic physics and system of fish behavior, a wide selection of fishing gear, change the time of day, weather conditions affect the fish's feeding behavior, all this and much more. Tournaments and competitions, teams and ratings, everything you require for a competitive experiance. Join the ranks of fans of the game on Steam and compete within a single game universe where players from other platforms such as Win and Mac OS X await you. Dozens of beautiful locations. Hundreds of different species of fish. Complete interesting quests. Visit the many stunning lakes and rivers. Compete in tournaments and matches. Create or join a team. And compete with other players for the best ranking and prizes
In GloGo, you become the ball. Navigate through all the obstacles in your way as you try and complete every level in the shortest time possible. Avoid the dreaded 'Participation Award' and earn your place on the podium with at least a Bronze, Silver, Gold, or Platinum Award! Challenge your friends and see who among you can earn the top award in the shortest time possible!
Porcunipine is a couch multiplayer about balding porcupines fighting courageously for survival using their very last pointy quills. The concept of the game is simple: You are a majestic and terribly violent porcunipine. You have one quill which you can shoot at your opponents. Once you shoot, you have to go and pick up that quill before you can shoot again. Your quill rebounds from walls and obstacles, and can kill you just as easily as it can kill your enemies. FIGHT to the death with sharp needles of pain COLLECT the skulls of your fallen enemies JIGGLE your way around exciting arenas with unique special features Challenge your friends in both the frantic Arena mode and the tense Last Man Standing mode Make up for your lack of friends with a full multiplayer score-attack mode Fully customisabe rounds that let you change the length and tactics of a match Clever optional bots with human-like levels of assholeness Full support for the Xbox 360 controller and other popular PC gamepads 5 different stages each with their own obstacles and graphical style, and a total of 30 arenas to battle in Pick up and play gameplay - enjoy with even your most inept or drunk of friends
Kiai Resonance is a 2D versus fighting game for Windows. You take part in multiplayer samurai combats where one hit off-guard is fatal, and several challenges to perfect your skills. The player can change his katana position at any time to adjust to his opponent's, creating a mind game where you have to anticipate his next attack. The graphics are attempting to restore the simple aesthetics of traditional Japanese prints by taking some pictorial elements of its great masters, while imbuing it with violence that characterized the confrontations. Among the available game modes are included the classic one vs. one, either alone against the AI, two on the same screen, or online, as well as various mini games to test our samurai skills. The game supports current gamepads, and online play with ranking system.
Hand of Fate 2 is a dungeon crawler set in a world of dark fantasy. Master a living boardgame where every stage of the adventure is drawn from a deck of legendary encounters chosen by you! Choose wisely - your opponent, the enigmatic Dealer, will pull no punches as he shapes you into the instrument of his revenge. The table has changed, but the stakes remain the same: life or death! KEY GAME FEATURES A world transformed - 100 years have passed since the Dealer was usurped and the Game of Life and Death gained a new master. 22 exciting new challenges that will push your deck-building skills to the limit - Hunt fiendish assassins, reunite star-crossed lovers or build up a fortress to withstand a raider assault! Enlist the aid of all new companion characters - team up with them in battle, or have them bend the rules of the boardgame in your favor! Hundreds of new encounters, artifacts and items to earn and upgrade. Enhanced action-RPG combat - shred foes with quick dual-wielded daggers or brutalize them with heavy two-handed hammers. Build up your combo meter to unleash powerful special attacks! Engage new foes united by all-new card suits - Cross swords with disciplined Imperial soldiers, purge corrupted mutants and fend off northern raiders.
Journey inside an Insane Poet's Mind! Haeven takes place entirely inside the mind of Cleril the insane Poet! Explore fantastical interpretations of different parts of the mind including the Hippocampus, Ego, and more! Battle against your oppressive Subconscious as you struggle for control of your mind. Can you break the bonds of determinism or is your notion of free will ultimately just an ideal? Features Custom art, animations, sprites, and faces. All hand-drawn! Custom soundtrack ranging from light piano melodies to hard rock! With some wub-wub for good measure. Five hours of exploration, puzzling, and turn based RPG combat to satisfy your palate. Skill Trees for the protagonist, each party member has unique aspects to them to diversify available strategies!
Painting Werther is the paintable novel adaptation of The Sorrows of Young Werther , written by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in 1774. Loved by artists and emperors, it shows the inner struggle of a deeply romantic man. Before starting this unique experience, prepare yourself to: Bring passion to a colorless world. Paint like the greatest masters of old. Pick flowers to your unrequited love... Come with us on this Paintable Visual Novel to see another version of this legendary story. Was young Werther really a romantic? Or was he just a man with a death wish ? How deeply did he really love his friend Wilhelm? Maybe his letters hide some clues... Did he even love Charlotte? Or did he just love the idea of an unrequited love ? For all these questions and more, Mad Cream Games presents you an overloading artistic experience, full of brush strokes and ink spots, where Chopin play the sax and Mozart the guitar, where love turns into hate, and pity into madness:
P.3 is a vertical classic arcade shooter with two button controls. How to play: Press side button changes direction but fires at same time. Hold two buttons at same time, slow down ship but fires alternate weapon. Features: - Classic Arcade action - 5 unique stages and boss battles - Simple two button game play - Variety of weapons and upgrade - Retro classic feel screen - Full gamepad, touch screen support.
Get To The Orange Door is an intense parkour platforming FPS set in an 80's-inspired retrofuturist world. With a mix of classic and modern first person shooter mechanics, launch yourself gun-first into a neon synthwave virtualscape as you wall run, slide, clamber, and dash around each level at supersonic speeds. A modern take on classic FPS mechanics Multiple modes to play and master 38 unique weapons, all with alternative fire modes A rad synthwave soundtrack, guaranteed to be heavy on the bass GTTOD is still in active development. Things change every day, so if you'd like to keep up with what is being added to the game, come on down to the Discord or Subreddit and chat with us!
OOKIBLOKS turns the action puzzle genre on its head with bright visuals, laughs, challenging game play, wacky characters and a super funky dance soundtrack. Ooki the monkey must take cute, furry revenge on a bunch of banana thieving crabs, but to do so he must : Force-feed a GIANT GHOST CAT until it FARTS ITSELF TO DEATH! Punch CRABS, FISH, MUSHROOMS AND PINK ICE CREAMS - in the FACE! Get help from a super cute flying ANGEL CAT! LAUNCH MISSILES from Ooki's little pink BUTT! All this and DAILY CHALLENGES that allow you to get more helping ITEMS from the OOKI BALLS vending machine! A 17 track MP3 soundtrack is also bundled for free!
Fight head-to-head in fast-paced card battles in this cyberpunk, action deck-builder. Experience intense, skillheavy matches, while you draft, punch and hack your way through your opponents. This is the only hardcore PvP deck-builder out there . Will you be the one to conquer the streets of Haxity? Slot your moves and plan the attack Hack the outcome and outsmart your opponent Execute your strategy and unleash your combos Features: Fight online: Always jacked into the net, take the fight online in matchmaked PvP, challenge your friends directly or crush the AI. Dynamic Deck building: Draft your cards and build powerful combos and synergies. Each fighter have their own unique cards and playstyles for you to discover. Multi-layered Mindgames: Counter pick your opponent in the draft, or outplay them in combat. Several ways to gain advantages that will reward experienced players and punish the unprepared. Card combat: A unique fast-paced combat system where you have to plan, respond, bluff and adapt to succeed, will you be the one to land the final blow? Modifications and cybernetics: What would a cyberpunk world be without tons of customization options. Discover different mods and cybernetics during your journey to strengthen your fighter. Premium Gameplay: No cardpacks! No lootboxes! No pay-to-win! No bullshit!
Ascender is a 2D explorative puzzle platformer. The game is set in the open world of GOA's districts, and the player will face many unique puzzles to solve. Warning!! This game will truly challenge your puzzle and platforming skill :D The story follows the enigmatic journey of Sky, an explorative artificial intelligence made by Professor Toro Hudo who lives in GOA, the world below. Sky was created to help Professor Toro Hudo in constructing a kinetic system for his foster daughter, Ocean Hudo, a forsaken limbless child who fell from the clouds when she was an infant. Observe the mystical GOA, experience its astonishing adventure with formidable puzzles, swiveling plot, and bizarre habitat. Enjoy the incredible story of Ascender. Get to know more about Ocean, her dad and the GOA's civilization. Explore the various districts of GOA, the underground civilization in the world of Ascender. The game uses an open world approach with metroidvania vibe that is very focused on puzzle. Creatively combine power-up to meet your need. Sky can equip itself with various types of onyx runes. Each onyx rune grants Sky with a new power-up. Combining different runes may also yield a new power up.
Arietta of Spirits is a charming adventure game with emotion-filled narrative, no-filler gameplay, and fast paced combat. The game tells the story of Arietta and her family, visiting their Grandmother's cabin for the first time after her passing away a year prior. However, the family trip takes an unexpected turn when Arietta meets a mysterious new friend and gains the ability to see strange spirits that inhabit the island. Explore a mysterious island with lush forests, murky caverns and dark secrets Beautiful retro-styled pixel graphics and inspiring original soundtrack Meet fascinating characters and discover the deep lore Fight a wide range of enemies in reaction based combat Easy to approach game mechanics, suitable for everyone
Encouraged by his friend, Adam decides to break into an abandoned post office for scrapping. Soon he will discover that a maniac wielding a pair of scissors and ready to kill is lurking around the place. Will he find his way out? AN UNEXPECTED CARDBOARD GUEST IS APPROACHING Take control of Adam and run from the serial killer on this thrilling survival horror game inspired by VHS slasher movies from the 80s, experience once again the tank controls and the third person cinematic cameras formula that made the genre shine back in the PSX era. Navigate through an abandoned post office, don't get caught by the snipper! Be stealthy, hide inside of wardrobes, restroom stalls, and other places. Authentic VHS experience with cinematic glitch cameras. Optional third person game mode. A perfect mix of calm atmosphere and sound effects, guaranteed tension. Discover bits of a bigger plot. Disclaimer : This game is a short experience that you can complete in around 40 minutes and it's meant for players 18 years old and over, it might also be too scary for some people. Keep this in mind before acquiring the product.
Can you save the Galaxy from the comfort of your chair? In Super Space Slayer 2 you can! Shoot demons, dodge bullets and acquire new weapons to defeat the foul demon king Luciferus once and for all! Based on the legendary Google Play title, with re-designed mouse, keyboard and gamepad controls that are even better than the original touchscreen version! Features: 9 unique weapons including the Rapid Laser, Missiles and the Lightning Cannon. There's also special secret weapons only available at certain times of year. Weapons can also drop with mods that affect things like projectile speed, damage and accuracy for even more variety. No matter the weapon, though, just blast the enemies and they'll go down! Beautiful pixel art created by the heroic Daniel Cook. Cheesy storyline inspired by the shareware titles of the early 90s. The Pirate King, demonic cultists and more await in a Galaxy-spanning epic. Original soundtrack composed by Matteo Loderick. Endless Hyperspace mode: Even after you've saved the Galaxy, the fun doesn't stop there. Hyperspace awaits, with more powerful weapons and a never-ending challenge. The deeper you go, the richer the rewards!
Hooligan Vasja that is a colorful and entertaining time killer. Your goal is to reach the roof, fighting with different opponents. There is a powerful boss just under the roof. Be careful, the obstacles are extremely dangerous but you can knock them down. The first level is easy but the following ones are progressively more difficult. The opponents become faster and meaner. Your weapon is a sturdy slingshot and firecrackers. Protect your friends who are helping you. Features Online Leaderboard, various achievements and collection cards will warm up your gaming experience. Vasja Vasja is a hooligan. He is always up for some mischief. Masha Grammy Masha is a kind person but likes to spread gossip. Stepan Gramp Stepan is very grumpy and always displeased. Svetlana Svetlana is a blonde girl neighbor who just loves herself. Slavik Slavik dreams of becoming a chef. A big foodie. Clown The clown loves his job but hates children.
Jump and fly your way through danger in this rhythm-based action platformer! Prepare for a near impossible challenge in the world of Geometry Dash. Push your skills to the limit as you jump, fly and flip your way through dangerous passages and spiky obstacles. Game Features Rhythm-based Action Platforming! Lots of levels with unique soundtracks! Build and share your own levels using the level editor! Thousands of high quality user generated levels! Unlock new icons and colors to customize your character! Fly rockets, flip gravity and much more! Use practice mode to sharpen your skills! Lots of achievements and rewards! Challenge yourself with the near impossible! Steam users get two exclusive unlockable icons!
Perhaps you were just bored or even lonely. Whatever the reason, you foolishly agreed to test out a friend's custom security system. Things start off smoothy, as you monitor your friends wandering throughout the house and occasionally slam your magnetically sealed door in their faces. Then cameras start to break. Your sanity wanes and you start to see impossible visions. A strange spider-like creature joins the creeping entities outside your room. It might all be in your head, but this is becoming a lot more than what you signed up for! Enjoy a simple, fun, and occasionally frightening simulation. Fun for all ages provided you can handle the scares. No gore, no violence. Just girlish yells followed immediately by nervous laughter.
In Reus, you control powerful giants that help you shape the planet to your will. You can create mountains, oceans, forests and more. Enrich your planet with plants, minerals and animal life. There is only one thing on the planet that you do not control: mankind, with all their virtues and and all their vices. You can shape their world, but not their will. Provide for them and they may thrive. Give them too much, and their greed may gain the upper hand. Key Features Control four mighty giants, each with their own unique abilities Terra-form the planet to your will, experiment with different terrain types A complex system of upgrades and synergies allows for endless styles of play Observe humanity, let your giants praise or punish them Enjoy an interesting art style and a strong soundtrack Enrich the planet with over 100 plants, animals and minerals Unlock new content by helping humanity achieve numerous developments Please note that Reus is a 10 year old game and may have compatibility issues with some hardware. Read the details here.
Welcome to The Happy Hereafter, a casual sim in which you guide the newly dead as they build an afterlife for themselves and their fellow lost souls. Possessing uncanny management skills, you'll control a legion of zany characters as they arrive at their eternal destination and settle in. There will be no rest for the wickedly funny as you put them to work building houses, harvesting resources and earning money to build a village to rival Paradise. Explore weird but wonderful landscapes, discover cleverly hidden secrets, and complete dozens of challenging missions in your quest to create a little slice of Heaven in the underworld! Six locations Over 100 missions Dozens of wacky characters Comic book style story scenes Learn-as-you-play tutorial
Fancy Skulls is a challenging first person shooter with procedural generation, permanent death and distinct art style. Intense and tactical combat, unique weapon mods and items that change the way you play. Foes different not only in visual design but also in their behavior. For example there is an enemy that will teleport every time you hit it, or enemy that leaves bombs that home on you, but you can shoot those bombs to use them against it. Usable items and power ups, like friendly sentry, an eye that lets you transmute items, kite that lets you fly, matchbox that ignites all foes around you, and much more! Each weapon is different from another, and every weapon can be modded with options that provide interesting game experiences like 'walk backwards to get ammo', '12 hits with no misses give you money', 'last two bullets in a magazine do double damage', 'don't spend ammo while in the air', 'shoot lightning bolts with shotgun'.
Room to Grow is a puzzle game with unique mechanics that will twist your mind in unexpected ways. Growing enables you to move, while growing into walls shifts your whole body in the opposite direction. Use this to push plants, maneuver around obstacles, make room for future moves, and much much more. Discover new mechanics in each world - no standard keys and locks - and explore the deep interactions between them. Become a master of moving like a cactus and make your way back to the desert! Key Features: Over 100 hand-crafted unique puzzles Discover unexpected mechanics that will twist your mind differently to any other puzzle game Play the way you want - Undo and restart as often as you like, skip puzzles if you want to No timer, no action elements, no move counter - This game is all about the satisfaction of solving puzzles Featuring a delightful original soundtrack by Romain Rope This game also includes remappable controls, a high contrast mode for key game elements and an adjustable input repeat delay.
10mg is a collection of 10 minute long games. SLASHER, Interrupted is a visual novel, in which you attempt to tell a horror story whilst your friends interrupt with their own ideas. Will you stick to a cohesive plot, or try and please everyone's ideas at once? Featuring: 7,000 words of lighthearted campfire banter A branching story with 27 ending combinations Pet a cat! Kill multiple characters! Get roasted for your messy plot choices!
Here's the story of Addyson - a scientist that has enraged the society with his daring invention. 'Fiery Disaster' is a twist on a Tower Defense genre - instead of placing towers, you need to actively maximize your accuracy and shot efficiency. The game blends action and strategy, with a chunk of inspiration from board games. Features: Unique concept Deep, dark story Challenging yet fun Local, asymmetrical Co-op Game editor High Scores and Achievements Zombie Mode Beautiful hand drawn graphics Epic cinematic music Balanced gameplay with bonus objectives Accept the challenge and beat the creators' high score available in the game! ATTENTION! This game includes the most annoying sound effect in the world!
Drifting in an endless dead world for an unknown duration and an unknown mileage, a nameless knight in black armor sets foot on an island where time stops. Here, he finds a reputedly fate-changing mask. After putting on the mask, he is teleported to somewhere strange. It is a noisy city full of flowers and grass. All of this is like a dream for him plagued by vague memories. Here, he meets a slave maid named Air. Together, they embark on an unknown journey. During the journey, the nameless knight gradually recalls his past world and the reason why he comes here. This is a world at the brink of destruction, but he comes from a destroyed world. Bearing the burden of changing the fate of this world and facing everything before him, especially the eminent destruction, what can he do, and what price will he pay? Features: Classic JRPG Exquisite CG and portrait High-quality maps, monsters and graphics, along with a lush music score enhance the experience Over 20 different monsters to fight, each with their own strengths, and modifiers for them as well for even more variety.
Sword Slinger is a unique physics-based puzzle game about slaying goblins by controlling a sword with magical behaviors. You'll combine chains of magical behaviors together to create complex and original solutions. Magic Blocks A magic block consists of a trigger and an action. Triggers and actions influence or control how the sword swings around the level. The goal is to slay all of the goblins by building a solution out of these blocks. Crafting solutions with these magical behaviors is challenging and engaging. The open-ended nature of each level provides you with total creative freedom to solve the puzzles in your own way. Level Ratings A rating is given to each solution based on its uniqueness and efficiency. The more creative and varied your solution, the higher your rating! There are goblins that need eradicating, so get to slaying!
In this action-loaded arcade game you play the role of Fermi, a particle on a terrific trip through subatomic space. Driven by the music you have to avoid obstacles and eliminate incoming particles on ever-accelerating levels to crack the top score! After mastering each level you can play it in infinity mode to compete with your friends and the Steam Community in an open-end highscore. If you are not satisfied with navigating Fermi over the many preset tracks, use the integrated level editor to create entirely new challenges and share them in the Steam Workshop! Key Features many levels with increasing difficulty and speed infinity-mode and Steam Leaderbord Level editor with Steam Workshop integration secret paths with special challenges and even more bonus points various obstacles and hostile particles many weapon upgrades catchy electro soundtrack Please also take a look at our Game Quantum Rush here on Steam
A mix of Battlefield's King of The Hill gamemode style put in outer space is the base and core gameplay of Space Fighters. In Space Fighters, you control a ship and like-wise in Battlefield you must work together with your team to occupy three capture points in the total freedom and maneuverability of outer space. Three gamemodes to choose from King of The Hill - Work together with your team to capture floating control devices and gain points for your team to win the game. Team Deathmatch - The simple and classic gamemode that pins teams against each other. Fly around, dogfight, and gain team points by killing enemy ships. Free for All - Everyone is fair game. Shoot anything that moves and be the first to get the designated amount of kills needed to win the game. Action packed, fast-paced, quick 10-15 minutes rounds of maneuvering and shooting are just the start of the entertaining gameplay! Player-made lobbies, so that players could play with their fellow spaceship pilots. Players looking for a quick game can also join an already-made random suitable lobby. Lobby options allow for each player in their own gameplay style or preference. Each round consists of 2-8 players with 8 different teams to choose from for a variety of teams facing off each other. A pleasant and fitting soundtrack and even more to explore. If multiplayer is not your cup of tea, there is also singleplayer! Play against swarms of enemy AI and survive for as long as possible!
The acclaimed First-Person Shooter returns fully upgraded, and more beautifully challenging than ever. Hard Reset Redux is a brand new version of the cyberpunk classic that includes all the content of previous editions, and adds new improved gameplay, enhanced visuals and additional content to make this the Definitive Edition of Hard Reset. Hard Reset Redux is an action-packed and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the best qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies, great weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting. Having been originally developed to shake-up the shooter scene on PC, Hard Reset now returns to do it again on a new generation of hardware. New Features Brand New Cyber-Katana Weapon: A powerful new weapon which provides an effective close range combat option Brand New Enemy Type: Various variants of a threatening new Cyborg Zombie now lie in wait for unsuspecting players New Quick Dash Move: Provides players with a new movement option in battle to help avoid incoming attacks and enemies Enhanced Visuals: The game has been updated to the newest version of the RoadHog engine and includes improved lightning and effects Improved Performance: Enjoy faster Load times, a new Quicksave feature and full joypad support Rebalanced Gameplay: The game now includes improved difficulty levels and better pacing Different Enemy Placement: Enemies are introduced differently throughout the game, and provide a new challenge for even the most seasoned Hard Reset veteran Story: The world as we know it ceased to exist. Humanity is at the verge of extinction, living in the last closed city of Bezoar. Mankind wages war against the machines controlling vast areas of what became the 'Barrens'. Machines want to control and assimilate 'The Sanctuary' a network that holds billions of digitalized human minds. Our hero, Maj. Fletcher, is a soldier of CLN - a corporation combat unit, established to protect the city. Machines are constantly assaulting the walls of Bezoar. Fletcher moves in when Bezoar's protective barrier is breached.
Embark on an epic cross-country journey that sends an unlikely hero deep into the heart of the wild west in search of love and an ancient, cursed treasure mine, said to contain inconceivable wealth! Meet Al Emmo. He's single. He's also a feeble, forty-two-year-old Easterner. But he has a plan: travel out west, marry a mail-order bride, bring her back east to introduce to his aging parents, and prove that he's a real man! Are you ready? But does Al have what it takes to be a cowboy? A stranger in town - a charming royal from Spain - competes for the object of Al's affections. And a looming thousand-year-old Aztec curse is bound to keep him on his toes. Brave a horde of desert perils including excessively-equipped prairie dogs, an extremist termite exterminator, arrow-happy Indians, and a liquor SO potent, you won't even remember your hangover! Does redemption lie within the haunted depths of the Lost Dutchman's Mine? Is Al brave enough to enter? And will his parents even miss him? Find out in Himalaya Studios' Wild Western, point-and-click adventure game! Developed and produced by Himalaya Studios, the team behind the popular and acclaimed free remakes of King's Quest 1, 2 ,3 and Quest for Glory 2 . FEATURES Steam Trading Cards and Badges Achievements Classic 2D-animated cutscenes Over 120 high-res, hand-painted background scenes More than 15,000 frames of fluid, pre-rendered character animation Unique Look, Interact, and Talk narrator messages for every location, item, and character Detailed speech portraits for all characters, all fully-voiced and lip-synced More than two hours of lovingly scored original music by Tom and Dianne Lewandowski Nine Acts filled with fun, excitement, humor, and danger!
Being a shepherd is a strong symbol of escapism. It's no easy job, but there are some moments where you just want to leave your old life behind, to dream yourself among sheep. Break all your human bonds. Question yourself. Finally contribute and do real work with your hands. Get back to nature. SOLITUNE is about this moment where you just have enough and start a new path. Move from space to space and help out others. Every room has a unique song by Ludwig Hanisch!
Total War: WARHAMMER The Old World echoes to the clamour of ceaseless battle. The only constant is WAR! A fantasy strategy game of legendary proportions, Total War: WARHAMMER combines an addictive turn-based campaign of epic empire-building with explosive, colossal, real-time battles. All set in the vivid and incredible world of Warhammer Fantasy Battles. Command five wholly different races: Bretonnia, the Empire, the Dwarfs, the Vampire Counts and the Greenskins, each with their own unique characters, battlefield units and play style. Lead your forces to war with powerful Legendary Lords from the Warhammer Fantasy Battles World, arming them with fabled weapons, armour and deadly battle magic; hard-won in individual quest chains. For the first time in a Total War game, harness storms of magical power to aid you in battle and take to the skies with flying creatures, from ferocious dragons and wyverns to gigantic griffons. Additional Free Content Total War: WARHAMMER launched to critical acclaim in May 2016. Since then, a wealth of free content has been added, including the recent addition of Bretonnia as the fifth playable race in the Old World. As well as this additional race, the rich world of Total War: WARHAMMER has been expanded since release with the inclusion of four new Legendary Lords, brand new units, new Lores of Magic and over 30 bespoke maps for single and multiplayer battle. These updates are available for free to all new and existing players. Hundreds of hours of gameplay await you at the dawn of a new era. Total War: WARHAMMER brings to life a world of legendary heroes, towering monsters, flying creatures, storms of magical power and regiments of nightmarish warriors. Lead Extraordinary Races The Chivalrous knights of Bretonnia, the valiant men of the Empire, the vengeful Dwarfs, the murderous Vampire Counts and the brutal Orcs and Goblins of the Greenskin tribes. Each Race is wholly different with their own unique characters, campaign mechanics, battlefield units and play style. Command Legendary Characters March your forces to war as one of 12 Legendary Lords from the Warhammer Fantasy Battles World, arming them with fabled weapons, armour, mounts and deadly battle magic as you uncover their tales through a series of unique narrative quest chains. Conquer this World The very first Total War game to feature a fantasy setting. In the Old World Campaign, experience incredible depth and the freedom to conquer as you see fit across a gigantic sand-box map. Crafted from a twisted magical landscape and populated with an incredible array of awesome and deadly creatures, this is your chance to experience fantasy strategy on a scale as yet unimagined. Unleash the Monsters The battlefields of Total War: WARHAMMER echo to the swoop and roar of dragons, the bellowing of giants and the thundering hooves of monstrous cavalry. Towering beasts of both earthly and supernatural origin wade into the melee of battle, bringing death to hundreds of lesser creatures at a time. Harness the Winds Of Magic Smite your enemies with magical storms, melt their armour, sap their fighting spirit or bolster your own forces with devastating spells that split the sky and consume the battlefield. Rally wizards, shamans and necromancers to your armies and bend titanic and unpredictable energies to your whim. Watch the Skies Harass your enemies with Dwarfen Gyrocopters, plunge into their front-lines with terrifying Wyverns and achieve air superiority with a stunning array of flying units for the first time in a Total War game. Entirely new tactical possibilities present themselves as you deploy your winged minions in open battles and jaw-dropping sieges. What is more, this title will go on to combine with two future sequels and additional content packs to create the largest Total War experience ever. An epic trilogy of titles that will redefine fantasy strategy gaming.
As the sole survivor of a distressed long-haul spaceship, you find yourself trapped within its falling apart remainings, struggling to maintain its vital functions and coping with your own survival while a code-strangled AI tries to help you. Explore, salvage, study and make a good use of the different modules of the ship to resolve this dreadful situation. Inspired by our love for science-fiction classics and the survival genre, Drift Into Eternity presents you with a unique and difficult survival experience in first person view. You'll have to quickly learn how to take advantage of the environment if you want to overcome the many dangers threatening the ship and your life. Key Features: Enter a cold, stark, silent ship, drifting in an asteroid field , its hull slowly being hammered by all sides, and its atmosphere being poisoned by its own toxic fuel released during the accident, while its vital functions die out one by one. Explore and chart the ship for materials to repair its many devices, for food and water to prevent starvation, and try to keep your morale up to avoid fatal depression. Repair the many damages slowly tearing apart the ship: close the breaches, repair its many devices, fight the many electrical fires, cleanse the corrosive and lethal atmosphere slowly infiltrating the hull. Use the help of a sarcastic AI to gather the mandatory knowledge of your surroundings. Study, craft, research and upgrade your tools to improve your chances of survival. Take care of your diseases and wounds rapidly, if you don't want them to hinder your progression or put an end to it! Minimal hand holding , you're the one trying to beat the game, we will only give hints on the very basic mechanics. Learning and progressing is all up to you. This game is meant to be difficult and challenging for the players. You will struggle and fail often. But hold on tight, explore, observe and study... and maybe you'll find a way to survive each time a little longer! The answer may be at the very end of the corridor!
Hexcells Infinite is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux. The third game in the series includes a new set of 36 challenging puzzles as well as a random puzzle generator and support for user made puzzles.
Final Profit is a merchant life-sim RPG that presents a critique of capitalism. You are Queen Mab, exiled from the lands of the Fae because of your radical plan to save the realm from financial predators. The Fae Council thinks attempting to defeat the Bureau of Business at their own game is an insane ploy with no hope of success. Prove them wrong. Starting with nothing, you assume the alias of Madama Biz. Accumulate wealth and influence to climb the ranks until you become a Lord of Business! But you'll need more than just money. Seek out allies to help overcome the danger, traps, and colossal debt the Bureau has in store for you. Will you manage to save your people? How much are you willing to compromise? Or will you lose sight of your goal entirely and become a ruthless agent of capitalism? Run your shop, make investments, and explore a story filled world as you work to earn enough coin to take down the corrupt Bureau of Business! AN RPG WITHOUT COMBAT: Earn XP by making money! Your main source of income will be your shop, but there's plenty of side hustles to uncover if you go looking for opportunities! SHOP GAMEPLAY: Find customers and unlock products to sell in your shop. Managing it all can get a bit hectic but there's plenty of ways to streamline, upgrade, and strategise to become more efficient! UPGRADES: Automate your products going on display, unlock better and quicker ways to get stock, change the way customers behave, collect cosmetics to change the way your shop looks, and many more! There's a lot of options to build your own play style! KEEP WELL STOCKED: Some products you can buy, some you'll need to craft, or grow, or trade Mana for. SIDE HUSTLES: There's more ways than just the shop to get ahead, buy stocks and property for some bonus passive income. And if you're a troublemaker you can look for hidden ways to exploit the economy. DEBT: The Bureau will try to keep you down, prove yourself by building a fortune in spite of them! EXPLORATION: The world is filled with things to do, minigames, side quests, collectables, unlockables, and secrets. Some are very well hidden indeed. CHOICES: Make decisions that have an impact on the way your shop and the story evolve! STORY: You're doing all this for a reason. The people of Faeona exiled you, their former Queen. But you've vowed to save them anyway. The Bureau of Business will regret the day they crossed you. Rise up! And become a Lord of Business!
PERISH is a stylish 1-4 player FPS with a cross to bear. Slay hordes of creatures on the scorched sands of Purgatory and sell their gold-stained corpses to craven priests. Kill magnificent bosses and use the proceeds to gain entrance to Elysium, a place of cosmic revelations. You are amyetri, a corporeal spirit condemned to live a shadow life in the halfway realm of Purgatory. Bring an end to your suffering by initiating the Rites of Orpheus and defeat the chthonic deities that dominate your fractious path to Elysium. THE DEPRIVED INITIATE Begin your journey with nothing but a broken sword. Only danake, the blood-soaked currency of the underworld, will afford you equipment better suited to tackling the Dismal Lords that stand between you and Elysium. RISK VERSUS REWARD The revenant creatures of Purgatory are consumed by the same hunger for gold danake that motivates your own quest. Falling to your enemies will cause you to lose your acquired wealth. Deposit your danake in the Pantheon before you die, or continue your run to Elysium and risk losing it all. STRENGTH IN ASSEMBLY The underworld is a lonely place. Muster up to three friends and carve a gold-soaked path to Elysium together. Deploy co-op specific gear and gadgetry to support, defend and revive each other on the perilous path towards eternal oblivion. A HERCULEAN JOURNEY Survive the harsh environs of the scorched cliffs of Theseus, the dilapidated temples of Orpheus, and the volcanic foundries of Hephaestus. Navigate crumbling labyrinths, molten lakes of pure gold, and shattered mountains caught in the swallow of Charybdian whirlpools. THE ARMOURY OF ARES The priestesses hold a formidable stockpile of weapons. Use your danake to gear up on powerful crowns and rings that grant the wearer significant advantages on the battlefield. Choose from a plethora of both ranged and melee weapons, then imbue your chosen armament with a host of exciting augmentations. FEATURES 1-4 player online co-op campaign sprawling across dilapidated temples, volcanic foundries, and ancient shipwrecks A series of magnificent boss-fights against rare and unexplored colossal deities from ancient Greek mythology More than 10 handcrafted and ornate javelins, swords, bows, and guns each with its own unique and upgradeable offensive capabilities Gratuitous, brutal, blood-soaked ranged and melee combat against enemies with distinctive battle behaviors Morbid gladiators: enemies in PERISH are unforgiving, and as you travel further through Purgatory you will meet a slew of enemies inspired by Ancient Greek, Roman, and Christian mythologies Post-launch support: free updates to the PERISH universe, with strange new enemies and even crazier weapons to play with
This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed. The main focus in 'Monsters of Little Haven' interactive novel is a story of Little Haven village. At the heart of the action are a twelve-year-old Kenneth and his younger sister Esme, children of the Murphy family, who hit the trail of a mysterious monster following series of entangled events The nonlinearity of the story allows you to learn a variety of secrets surrounding the Murphy family. The main goal is to find the approach to all of them. A unique atmosphere and a visual imagery following the peculiar mood of the novella. Eight alternative endings of the game, radically varying from one the other. While making decisions one has an opportunity to learn the history of the Murphy family from various perspectives. A unique soundtrack for each of the endings and a great attention to sound work on the whole. This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed.
Swords 'n Magic and Stuff is a casual, multiplayer, open world RPG where you can make your own adventures with your friends! An adventure unique to you Explore a large, densely populated open world alone or with friends. Swords 'n Magic is a casual journey of discovery. You play a blank slate adventurer just waiting to carve out a destiny for themselves. With no classes, character levels or real restrictions, you can be whoever you want to be, use whatever weapons and items you can buy, find, loot, or craft, and play however you wish. In Swords 'n Magic and Stuff you play at your own pace with no hand-holding. The world of Swords 'n Magic is casual and fun. Being friendly to younger or inexperienced audiences, anyone can pick up a controller and join in on the fun no matter how long each player has been playing. A magical world to explore From tropical islands to frozen mountain peaks, the lands of Tirawyn will be varied and interesting. With the whole world being carefully hand crafted, there's loads to explore and uncountable secrets to be found. Platform your way up the side of a building, glide off the top of mountains, traverse the great desert atop your mount. There are countless ways to explore the world of Swords 'n Magic and Stuff! A kingdom in need of help Set in the fantasy continent of Tirawyn once ruled by the great king, Owynn, you start off as a humble new adventurer looking to make a name for yourself. Since the king has fallen under a dark curse, his great Paladins have retreated from the lands where they once kept order to seek a cure. With the guardians away trouble is slowly finding its way back into the realm and you're not the only new adventurer trying to stop it. Funded and driven by our community Swords 'n Magic and Stuff was a successfully funded Kickstarter game that owes its existence to our incredible community! We work hard to listen to the feedback of our players and implement it into the continuous development of this game.
Welcome to Loop. Loop is a first-person comedy game centered around completing laps around a test track. Drawing inspiration from The Stanley Parable and Portal, Loop is a game that will leave players laughing and confused. Based on the award-winning Ludum Dare 47 submission by the same name, Loop's full release offers players new hilarious content, bug fixes, and many quality of life updates. What will happen to you in the Loop?
1881. Humans hunger for knowledge in an age of rationalism. No area of study is too dark. No area of study is denied... Explore the occult... After the fall of Papal dominance, humans searched for truths in the occult, demonology, and witchcraft. These truths, though never realized, led to our modern take on spiritualism and our attempts at summoning demonic deities from the underworld. Possession 1881 is a game that explores what this time may have been like for those involved and lets the player experience first hand the thoughts and feelings of such a time. Challenge your mind... In Possession 1881, the player moves through a series of challenges in an attempt to escape a manor that is used by the occult to contact the underworld. The player must solve puzzles involving science, history, and spatial logic from the perspective of the occult as they discover who they are and why they are there. Free your mind from the constraints of reality and explore an era of spiritual enlightenment. Experience phenomenal art Professional graphics and textures create an atmosphere of realism for the player to immerse themselves in. The beautiful portrait 'Timeless' by professional artist Karen Whitworth creates an authentic Victorian age feeling within the manor. Delve into the dark and captivating world of Possession 1881.
Vlambeer's SUPER CRATE BOX is coming to bring back the glory of the golden arcade age, when all that really mattered was getting on that high score list. Grab your baseball cap and loosen your pants, it's time to fight endless hordes of enemies and collect every weapon crate you can. Prepare for an arcade delight with tight controls, refreshing game mechanics, cracking retro art and a terribly hip chiptune soundtrack.
When you sleep, you are dreaming. Some dreams are beautiful and vivid, the others are strange, and the rest of them are horrible... We've having them all the night, and then wake up and forget them. But what if one day your 'awakening' would be a difficult task? Could you find a way out of the dreams and wake up? Non-linear storyline Whole unique dream world to explore Various game mechanics to solve puzzles Unique mind-blow levels-dreams
Play Chef Solitaire: USA and put your Chef Hat on! Open your very own diner and make it a scrumptious success. Enjoy solitaire to your heart's content, bring your hamburger baking skills to perfection, and fulfill all achievements. The stars you earn will open up new opportunities all around the USA. Cook up a solitaire feast with Chef Solitaire: USA today! Features: Fun story with great graphics and full voiceover Collect exclusive chef hats A store packed with items to help you along the way 4 fun and exciting mini games to play 48 states to play and 480 services to complete The Revills Games The Revills Games is a husband and wife indie development team based in Adelaide, South Australia. Please visit us via Twitter, our website or Facebook.
Praetorians is set amidst the political machinations of an emerging Roman Empire. You will be transported back to the dusty battlefields of Egypt, the combat theaters of Gaul and finally to the heart of the Empire itself, Italy in the crusade to become Emperor. Your quest will not be easy, as the Empire is heavily defended by thousands of different troop types and war machines, all with special skills and individual strengths. The road to becoming Emperor depends on strategy! You must learn to combine your units and exploit the weakness of the enemy, but as you get closer to the Emperor things become even more difficult as you must face his personal guard, the most powerful and deadly fighting force in the Empire - The Praetorian Guard! Key Features Three different armies: Gauls, Egyptians and the Roman Legions Unique sets of abilities and formations for different unit types and characters Fast-paced action were things can easily go from hectic to wrong
A Kawaii Kana Match-Em Up. Are you sick of educational games that are glorified pop-quizzes? Do you just want to play an awesome game and have a new real world skill at the end of it? Do you want to learn how to read Hiragana and Katakana? Well then, Kana Quest is for you! 'But how does it work' I hear you think. Excellent question! In Japanese, each phonetic letter is called a Kana. Kana that have a shared sound will match. When all Kana in a level are connected by matches, it will be complete. Key Features: Beautiful pixel art Over 300 challenging puzzle levels Hiragana and Katakana included Great way to learn for beginners of Japanese Still a great puzzle game for people who know Japanese No pop quizzes
The Guardian is a 2D platformer with a lot of interesting levels! Many different obstacles and opponents will be in the game, and you must overcome them and get The Element Stone. The Guardian is going to be one of the best indie games ever! Let us tell you more about this awesome game! The game has 9 levels, and the main task of the game is to save the world from the impending chaos. You will take on the role of the hero who will save the world. What can you find in this game: Five classes: Elf, Druid, Robot, Wizard and Assassin. Each class is unique and has its own pros and cons. Many different enemies. Skill tree. Nice music and amazing atmosphere. Simple and addicting plot. If you love to challenge the fate, then the game 'The Guardian' is definitely for you! After all, under the guise of a simple and colorful platformer, there are incredible levels, unexpected surprises and a fun pastime.
A cozy VR action-puzzle game about balancing towering stacks to meet cute cryptids on colourful floating islands. Will you overcome gravity itself to reach new heights and perspectives? Will you find the mythical Stacksquatch and recover the Wayward Islands? Explore across locations, seasons, and sizes to build the best stacks Chat with the cryptids you find, all with unique dialogue, hopes, and dreams Sit down or run around, whatever your space allows Enjoy accessible, intuitive gameplay without violence Sit back and stack with Dogtective!
KeepUp Pirates - RPG is a free, simple role-playing game. You are a pirate on an island, survive alone or with other players and fight against enemy skeletons. Build a shelter and gather resources to ensure your survival. A building, crafting, farming and cooking system will allow you to create something great. Your survival skills are in demand! Special features: Qeust and skill system and much more. Creative Mode The game offers them a free mode, also known as creative mode. Here they are not limited and can realize their dreams while building. Information: - Building System - Crafting System - Inventory System - Farming System - Combat System - Skill Tree System - Character system
Welcome, my Lord, to the cursed kingdom. A land plagued by black magic and creatures that crawl out of the darkness. Once this was a great kingdom. It could be great again. That's all up to you. Enter the world of Royal Heroes - a strategy game set in a world of fantasy and adventure. Hire an army of legendary heroes and battle vast waves of monsters. Destroy your enemies on the battlefield. Purge all evil from your land. Construct your castle. Craft weapons. Spend your loot wisely. Rule your kingdom. This is Royal Heroes. Welcome to your kingdom, and good luck. You'll need it.
Lethal League Blaze is an intense, high speed ball game, with unique characters, outta sight sounds and none of that weak shit. In Shine City, the anti-gravity ball game has long been illegal. The group who kept playing was dubbed the Lethal League. Even now, with their sport pushed underground, players and crews compete in the League for challenge and respect. In the game, the goal is to beat your opponents with the ball. You can manipulate the ball to get the perfect angle and use your character's special moves to surprise them. But every strike speeds up the ball or even doubles its speed, up to shatteringly extreme velocities. You can tag the ball to your color, but on those high speeds the tables are quickly turned. You can play locally with friends and foes, by yourself in the singleplayer modes or battle it out online! Featuring Up to 4 players: Play locally AND online with up to 4 players. Easy to pick up, hard to master gameplay: Start off simply hitting the ball faster and faster back and forth. Improve by learning how to use Smashes, Bunts and Special Abilities to your advantage. Then go further beyond with parries and countering with throws ending with the pure psychological goodness: taunts. Tons of unlockable extras and secrets: Unlock characters and their outfits as you play. New modes and stages are in there too and even the soundtrack can be unlocked to play at leisure. Play on your own: Step up to the plate by yourself and beat a series of opponents in the Arcade Mode to reach the beat-blasting bossfight. Then check out the event-based Story Mode that has you playing all sides of the going-downs in Shine City. Modes and options: Pick your preferred style of play like with HP, one-shot kill or points. And then there are game modes like Strikers, using goals, and something called Lethal Volley... Wicked Tracks: A Breakbeat, Hip-Hop and House soundtrack featuring the likes of Hideki Naganuma, Frank Klepacki, Pixelord, Bignic and of course Klaus Veen. Lethal League Blaze is the sequel to the popular projectile-fighting game Lethal League known for it's ridiculous speeds and hitstun, the original game was intense to watch and intenser to play. This time around there will be double the characters at launch and more to come after.
Have you ever felt lonely? Like you wanted someone to talk to? A best friend perhaps? Well look no further! Thanks to next generation AI technology made in the new Anekom OS, BUDDY SIMULATOR 1984 simulates the experience of hanging out with a best buddy! Your best buddy learns from you, constantly adapting to your interests and personality. Say your favorite color is green, of course your best friend will remember! Do you like video games? So does your buddy! Your best buddy can play games with you thanks to the latest and greatest graphical software! Our top video game scientists have created a way for a computer to talk to you and become someone you can really trust! FEATURES Video Game Hub! Can you beat your buddy in a intense game of rock, paper, scissors? What about a dangerous game of hangman? Will the human come out on top or will the AI triumph? You can play 3 whole new games with your buddy! AI Learning! Your buddy will constantly be learning all about you in order to become better friends. With the game's new state of the art AI technology, your buddy will evolve to better adapt to your interests and make sure you are having fun together! New and Unique Experience! Your experience with Buddy Simulator 1984 will be unique and unlike anything you have ever played before! Its the 80's and we're now living in the future! In the next 5 years we could have flying cars or holographic video calls. Buddy Simulator 1984 is the next big step in technological evolution. Friendship! By playing Buddy Simulator 1984, you are helping the scientific community take a major leap towards the future of artificial intelligence. So what are you waiting for? Pick up a copy for your Anekom system today! WARNING: GAME EXPERIENCE MAY VARY. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Disclaimer: This game contains flashing lights and colors and is not recommended to those who experience epilepsy. This game also contains themes of emotional manipulation as well as themes of depression and anxiety, and as a result, may not be suitable for all audiences.
Colorzzle is an easy and relaxing puzzle game. When you match the colors, the trees grow and flowers bloom. Grow up every plants to clear the stage. You can start easily, but it will become more and more difficult as you proceed.
The year is 2029. It is the end of the world. Take on the role of Mike; who is in the woods with his daughter, fleeing from an attacking wave of zombies. During the escape, Mike slips, falls and loses consciousness. He awakes to find that Adele is nowhere to be found. His only chance in finding her is to follow the signs. Adele: Following the Signs is the result of over 2 years of hard work from the people at Unosquare Labs. It is an extremely challenging 2.5D puzzle-platform strategy game with beautiful graphics, original art and music, and interesting game play written by Unosquare. Special guest music composer coming soon! FEATURES: 19 challenging levels Zombies, attacking Plants and Monster Bosses A special bonus for those who can pass each level without dying Enemies and obstacles that will require both brains and skill to overcome Adele is not meant to be a zombie killing game. Players have to strategically maneuver objects to block their path, run away or trap zombies into falling in order to escape them. The game is set in different environments which impact your interaction with the zombies, being in a factory is going to be different than in the countryside, or underground.
Armor Clash is an RTS game of modern warfare, containing classic features like base building, unit training etc. Players can pick modern armors such as M1A2, T-14 to form identical legions. With realistic effects and fast paced battle, players will enjoy commanding their armored forces to break down the enemy. Contents and Features: Traditional RTS gameplay, with base building, unit training and fast paced battle. Faction customization. 31 vehicles available to form your own legion. Day night cycle. Neutral forces and commander leveling system. Veteran units have different appearances and fire effect. Local network multiplayer. Through 9 months' early access, 10 major updates, this game is improved much more. There are both PC , Mac and Linux version. All updates free, the old school way. Weak Points: There is no campaign, but there are 10 replayable skirmish maps, fighting AIs from easy to brutal. Max player number is 2, because there are huge amounts of realistic physics effects in the game, 2 players at max will ensure the good performance during fierce battle. About desktop version: Armor Clash is only for desktop gameplay, its VR version is Armor Clash VR, which is run on SteamVR and has different gameplay. Facebook: Youtube: Realistic battle environment, each map has its identical environment sytle. Classic RTS gameplay, with base building and unit training. The commander and units can level up during battle, veteran units have different appearances. Faction customization: Players can pick units in the armory to form their own legions.
WE ARE DOOMED is a twin-stick shooter where you zap polygon baddies with an absurdly overpowered laserbeam. Dive head-first into the action with reckless ambition, charge the SUPERBEAM, and zap everything out of existence in an instant. Chase high scores or just enjoy the beautiful explosion of geometry, color and light. Pure arcade action. No cutscenes, storylines, or lengthy tutorials. An overpowered laserbeam weapon, and the more ridiculous SUPERBEAM. Waves mode: 30 waves that range from chill to hyper-intense. Endless mode: An endless barrage of baddies. How many zones can you survive? Quick to start, and quick to restart for 'just one more' game. A vibrant world of neon colors, bold shapes, and glitching geometry. A beautiful, chill, and occasionally glitchy soundscape.
Wyrmsun is an open-source real-time strategy game which features elements of mythology, history and fiction. In the Wyrmsun universe a myriad of inhabited planets exist. Humans dwell on Earth, while dwarves inhabit Nidavellir and elves nourish the world of Alfheim. These peoples struggle to carve a place for themselves with their tools of stone, bronze and iron. And perhaps one day they will meet one another, beyond the stars... Features: Retro-style graphics 3 playable civilizations Story-based scenarios, playable on a huge map Dozens of units, buildings and technologies Personal names and traits for units, being generated from several historical and fictional languages Units can earn experience, being able to upgrade to new unit types or acquire new abilities upon level-up Persistent heroes, who carry over their level, abilities and items throughout scenarios Possibility to create your own custom persistent heroes Normal, magic-enchanted and unique items drop from enemies Very moddable game, with a built-in mod editor and Steam Workshop integration In-game encyclopedia, allowing players to learn more about the units, buildings and other elements of the game, as well as their historical and mythological sources of inspiration Wyrmsun receives constant patches, frequently providing you with new content and features!
Wavedash into the psychedelic realms of the elements and help Poly fight chaos to restore balance. Tight controls inspired by platform fighters Dozens of challenging levels Hubs worlds to freely explore Secrets to find Level editor to craft your own levels Native Gamecube Controller support Local multiplayer volleyball mode Easy to pickup, hard to master. Intricate mechanics giving you full control of the character with layers of depth and secret techniques to discover.
Hosted by the ever-charismatic Mr. Rumpus and inspired by the golden age of couch multiplayer, Rumpus is a fast-paced multiplayer action game , chaotic and intense. Players have to pickup and throw items at each other to throw them off the screen. Items can be charged for extra shot speed. Players can also create a shockwave to reflect shots and fight in melee combat, for some added strategy. 12 beautiful hand-drawn pixel art characters! Extra rules and different modes to create unique experiences! Arcade mode playable cooperatively or solo 2 to 4 players local multiplayer versus Easy to pick up, hard to master A specific button just for annoying your opponents Works great with some friends and pizza! We're eager to listen to player input and add more content! WHY HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT RUMPUS YET?!?
WARNING Don't get it wrong. It's not a simple and nice casual game for everyone. You will be eaten, burned, crushed, digested, shocked, slapped, poisoned or just fall down. Many times. Escape Doodland is an arcade platformer with intense and demanding gameplay in a crazy 2.5D doodle world. Run For Your Life! Death and destruction came into Doodland. This happy and joyful land is going to change. Forever. There are only two options: run as fast as you can or die. World Doodland is a grotesque world created on a piece of paper. It is invaded by Omnomus, a cruel monster that loves the taste of inhabitants of this land. Each part of the world is different, has a unique atmosphere. It is also full of demanding obstacles and you will have to run, jump, swim and fly to overcome them. Doodlers Doodlers are peaceful and brave creatures living in Doodland, choose which one you will help to escape. There are no two same Doodlers. Each of them looks different and sounds different, but every one of them has one common feature - digestive problems. Boosters Omnomus has no mercy. If he will reach you he will eat you without blinking an eye. Fortunately, Doodlers can use their gastric problems against him. Just find a match, light your fart and feel the boost. And if this won't help, just release stinky gases in his face to stun him. This is your last resort.
a short VR experience focused on the most extreme experiences possible in VR . this is an abstract musical experience where the player is taken from location to location in a loose narrative focus on door-to-door face salesman. you can expect to be disorientated slightly nauseous, lost, disturbed amd left with a feeling of dread. key features interactable VR environments original music intense visuals length 15 minutes Credits Design - Ben Lunato OST - Noah Chalfant OST - INVISIBLE ROBOT HANDS
DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the highly popular DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with enhanced graphics that will further immerse players into the largest and most detailed Dragon Ball world ever developed. DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 will deliver a new hub city and the most character customization choices to date among a multitude of new features and special upgrades. Relive the Dragon Ball story by time traveling and protecting historic moments in the Dragon Ball universe Brand new hub city more than 7X the size of the original game with 300 players online at the same time Next-gen visuals bring the Dragon Ball anime experience to life New characters and boss fights More in depth character creation system and battle adjustments Post launch support for one year
'Have you ever looked into a mirror carefully? How do you know whether the person looking at you from the other side is yourself or someone else inside the mirror?' RETSNOM is an inventive pixel art puzzle platformer that allow players to break the map by mirroring sections of the level, and rearranging it on the fly. You have a daughter. She is unfortunately infected by a zombie virus. The only way to save your daughter is to visit the future laboratory to steal the medicine that is expected to be made by your colleagues. But the future research team is hiding in a maze using mirrors. They've fortified the maze using different features of a mirror in each level. Mirrors have several features: 1. Mirrors seem to reflect objects left to right. 2. Frost on the mirror's surface makes image invisible. 3. Concave mirrors invert the image upside down. All of these rules are used to decorate puzzles. Players should understand the way how mirrors flip the world to solve the stages. The ability to bend the world to player's will is a very cool gameplay mechanic, which rewards experimentation as players make their way through this rather sinister world.
Get behind the wheel of one of the most iconic trucks on the road with this highly detailed Scania R-series truck simulation by SCS Software, developers of Euro Truck Simulator 2 . Prove your truck skills - Put your driving skills to the ultimate test with 10 individual truck maneuvering challenges that serve as a practical exam as you strive to gain your driving licence. Complete intricately designed courses and tasks, in realistic environments that put you firmly into the driver's seat. Can you avoid obstacles whilst reversing a trailer? Do you have the lateral thinking required to find your way through a complex obstacle track? Can you park with precision? Compete - Once you have mastered the basics and gained your licence, compete against the best as you take part in a dozen disciplines inspired by the Young European Truck Driver competition - the virtual re-creation of Scania Driver Competition events. Learn the tricks to navigate your truck with centimetre precision! Drive of your life - If that is not enough, experience the drive of your life, with a series of over a dozen ultimate challenges that put man and machine to the test. From mountain roads, to bad weather, to blocked routes, you will need to work in perfect harmony with your Scania truck to reach your destination safely. Freeform missions - Drive through in a series of freeform missions, that has you delivering the goods around a huge, intricately detailed 3D city. Pick the loads that appeal to you as you ferry freight with complete freedom! Learn more about Scania - Take the opportunity to learn more about the world leading Scania trucks with a unique opportunity for a virtual visit to Scania's own Demo Centre - the very place where Scania shows off its vehicles to VIP guests! Online leaderboards - Upload your high scores and download the best result charts to see how you rank against the experts. Study the techniques used by the masters in downloadable re-plays that both teach and inspire virtual Scania drivers! Virtual truck gallery - When you want to take a short break from the wheel, what better than a visit to the virtual gallery. A must-have for any Scania truck fan: feast your eyes on a vast gallery of Scania vehicles photos and videos. Check out highlights from previous seasons' Young European Truck Driver competitions to whet your appetite as you strive to match the performances of the true masters of trucking.
The world has ended. There is no hope. No new beginning. Only the survivors. DEADLIGHT follows the journey of Randall Wayne, a man searching for his family across Seattle during the aftermath of a 1980s event that has decimated life on earth. This visually stunning Cinematic Survival Platformer will challenge you to run, jump, climb, and struggle for your life as you look for answers and the ones you love. Key Features: A beautiful deadly world where a misstep means death. Sharpen your surviving instinct and learn to turn the environment from foe to ally. In this hopeless world, an ordinary man, Randall Wayne, will reveal himself as a natural born survivor. Think. Mindless shooting is never a good idea: there are much more walking corpses than bullets. Be smart and avoid direct confrontations whenever you can. A suggestive world of darkness. 3D highly detailed models and environments mixed with 2D sidescroller old school gameplay to create a vintage 2.5D Cinematic Platformer. Unable to escape from the horror of this dying world, Randall Wayne's journey will lead him to Seattle, in a strange search beyond his own survival. HD graphics that enhance the immersion and atmosphere of a dead world New NIGHTMARE difficulty mode from the 80s. Totally rad! Tons of extras, making of videos, unreleased concept art and more!
Reign of Bullets brings you a whole new experience in the world of shoot 'em ups! Step into the world of Troy, a simple mechanic with a small garage which is destroyed by the Titan corporation in their unstoppable, steamrolling expansion. You'll start your journey with an old jet that Troy has lying around in his garage. Set out to shoot your way through different areas in order to collect more scrap and loot to improve your ship to bring the Titan corporation to it's knees! How will you build your ship? Will you go for high damage? Targeting lasers? Or an army of drones? It's all up to you! The upgrading and modification system in Reign of Bullets is detailed and endless, giving you the freedom to customize your weapons the way you desire. Start shooting, collecting and upgrading to help Troy in his quest to free the world from Titan's tyranny. Find out more about the game features by clicking on 'read more'! Features 2D shoot 'em up gameplay with waves of enemies and screen filling bosses. Lots of upgrading possibilities on each weapon to suit your playstyle! Use lasers, rifles, miniguns, rockets, flamethrowers and more to destroy your enemies! Place weapons anywhere on your ship in any direction to adapt to different situations. Defeat bosses for legendary loot that can upgrade your ship to take on new areas. Experience the story of Troy and his crusade against the Titan corporation in the Campaign Mode! Play randomly generated levels with infinite replayability in survival mode. And much more........
Your name is Rania. This is your first night working for Cloudpunk, the semi-legal delivery company based in the sprawling city of Nivalis. You go everywhere, from the Marrow below to the spires that pierce the grey clouds high above before scraping the edge of the troposphere. No delivery job is too dangerous, and no one is faster than a Cloudpunk driver. In this story-based exploration game, you will meet a diverse range of characters including androids, AI and unscrupulous humans at every level of society. Everyone has a story, and in the course of one night in Nivalis, everything will change. Features: Explore an immense vertical cyberpunk city with your hover car and on foot Unravel mysteries in a world of corporate conspiracy, hackers and rogue AI through the eyes of Rania Meet a diverse range of characters and immerse yourself in their everyday lives Your decisions will have a lasting impact on the inhabitants of Nivalis Discover hidden places and items unlocking additional stories
Shuggy has just inherited a castle full of goblins, ghouls, zombies, and robots. Help him clear out over 100 rooms to make his new home liveable again! Every room in the castle is different, letting Shuggy fly, float, swing, spin, change size, time travel and more as he explores the Dungeon, Boiler Room, Clocktower, Gallery, and Graveyard. Key Features Co-op play - Play 36 twisted two-player levels in the offline co-op mode, with puzzles that can only be completed through cunning and teamwork. Non-linear map screen - Multiple routes through the castle ensure you'll be able to find another route if you get stuck. Boss encounters - Use your wit and cunning to defeat the dastardly bosses in each area of the castle. Time travel - Get caught in a time loop and co-operate with your past echoes. Rotation - Spin whole levels or interlocking puzzle sections to grab all the gems. Seeing double - Utilize multiple Shuggys under the influence of different gravities. Teleportation - Use Shuggy's teleporter to solve some tricky conundrums. Tied up in knots - Grab the magic rope and swing your way to victory.
Run Prop, Run! is a multiplayer hide'n'seek game. It is inspired by the classic Prop Hunt mod where players must disguise themselves as an object in the scenery to avoid detection by a hunter. Run Prop, Run! can have up to 12 players and begins with one Hunter trying to catch other hiding Prop players. As each Prop gets caught, they will turn into Hunters making it more and more difficult for the remaining Props to survive the hunt. To help the Props survive, they are given the ability to transform into any object in the stage so they can better blend into the environment. When a Hunter captures a prop, it turns it into a Hunter. Start 1 Hunter VS 11 Props, and finish with up to 11 Hunters VS 1 prop! It's not just Prop Hunt Hide and Seek. There's a lot of mechanics revolving around platforming, abilities, and strategy!
Laser Maze is a puzzle game that takes place in an abandoned space station where you solve puzzles by redirecting lasers, moving boxes, and navigating through computer terminals. Discover the mysteries and secrets of the station and find out what happened to the crew as you puzzle your way through diabolical challenges. Laser Maze includes fifty puzzles and ten secret puzzles for those who want a challenge. The demo includes six puzzles and two secret puzzles.
Peace was supposed to prevail in the lands of Ixtona, after a long war came to an end under the wise king, until a sudden plot and conspiracy threaten again its peace. Kyle, the prince of Ixtona now has to throw himself and his allies into a battle that will ultimately decide the fate of his kingdom. Throw yourself into turn-based strategy battles in different maps designed from an isometric view. Each character is specialized in melee, ranged or magic attacks. You can also hire new customizable characters, invest in the village for research and development, or change class to develop and strengthen your army. Enjoy all the rest of this full-scale strategy RPG with beautiful pixel artstyle!
Summary 'Captive' tells the story of a woman who awakens badly hurt in an unknown cell, without any memories about herself. With no recollection of the events that led her to that, and with her condition only worsing by the minute, she has to break free as fast as possible from this gruesome place while dealing with the dangers that lie in her path. To survive you will have to be quick on your mind, solving puzzles while trying to keep from bleeding out. Will you be able to escape? Features - A mysterious plot that slowly reveals itself to the player - Puzzles and problem solving - An atmosphere of horror and gore - The survival aspect of keeping yourself from bleeding to death - Mechanics inspired by 'escape the room' themed games - Original sprites and artwork - A short playthrough to help you take a break from longer experiences - Multiple endings - Permadeath
WHAT IS DINOSAUR FOREST Dinosaur Forest is a fast paced chaotic first person wave-based shooter that pits players equipped with some basic weapons against species currently inhabiting the Unknown Planet. THE SETTING The world of dinosaurs is violent and grim. THE PLOT The game follows prince Kronoss on his journey to reconnect with reality. FEATURES 340 Achievements Good Luck!
Skyfish is an angry orange fish who must bubble-shoot and tongue swing his way through this humorous platform adventure. He now faces his greatest enemies like his ex-girlfriend, floating heads, tsunamis, screaming cats, and a radioactive stick-figure hedgehog!! Laid-back silly fun is here! Players can expect an old school indie platforming adventure run-n-gun with tongue swinging action! If you like unique indie platformers, then this is the game for you!
Mushroom: The Ruckus is a 2D top-down hack-n-slash type deal where you play as a mushroom with a vendetta against his kind. You are a social pariah, cast away from the 'cool' groups due to a series of non-descript events. You find affirmation in a mysterious floating eyeball who seems to enjoy watching you whack other mushrooms. That's where you come in- play through ten levels of hacking and another ten levels of slashing for a combined total of 20 levels of hack-n-slash combat against several different enemy types. ... Maybe once you've destroyed all these other mushrooms, you'll feel better? Good luck!
Experience the wild as a mother badger sheltering her cubs from harm. On their journey they get stalked by a bird of prey, encounter perils of the night, river rapids crossings, big forest fires and the looming threat of death by starvation. About Shelter : Food is to be found, but is there enough for everyone? You will learn that the cubs need food not just to survive, but to enable them overcome the varying challenges they will face as they make their way through the world. Are you ready for a truly different adventure, something that might evoke feelings you've never felt in a game before? In the wild, all living creatures are put to the test. The question in the end is who will survive to live another day? Retro Family have once again composed a beautiful soundtrack to an original and graphically innovative setting in a world of nature where shelter is your only hope and survival your only goal.
'You are outgunned. You are massively outnumbered. You must win.' These are your orders. Humanity has already fought its war against the machines -- and lost. AI death squads stand watch over every planet and every wormhole, the few remaining human settlements are held captive in orbiting bubbles, and the AIs have turned their attention outward, away from the galaxy, to alien threats or opportunities unknown. This inattention is our only hope: a small resistance, too insignificant even to be noticed by the AI central command, has survived. These are the forces you will command. The AI subcommanders will fight you to the death when they see you -- but your glimmer of opportunity comes from quietly subduing those subcommanders without alerting central processing to the danger until it's too late. You do have a few things going in your favor. Your ships are much faster. You have safe AI routines to automate defenses and mining outposts. You have production techniques that can churn out fully-outfitted unmanned fighters in seconds. There will never be more than a few thousand of your ships versus tens of thousands of theirs, but through careful strategy you must somehow reach and destroy the heavily-guarded AI cores. Go forth into the galaxy, steal AI technology, recapture those planets you must in order to achieve your ends, and save what remains of humanity. But draw too much attention to yourself, and the full might of the AI overlords will come crashing down.
Rack N Ruin is a fusion of a top-down action adventure game and a classic arcade shooter. Take control of Rack, a maniacal demon wizard with a gleeful appetite for destruction, and embark on a grand adventure across a world filled with magic and wonder. Then transform the once enchanting world into a hellish nightmare. As the world falls deeper into darkness, Rack's power will grow, and the champions of good will rise to face him. Engage the legions of good in fast hectic combat that gives Rack N Ruin a special action oriented twist unique to the genre. Explore a vast open world filled with treachery and secrets at every turn. Then dive into delicately crafted dungeons, each with distinctive themes and foes to conquer. The entire world of Rack N Ruin is lovingly hand-crafted, and uniquely laid out. Every bit of the game is hand-painted in detailed high definition. Story Sitting atop his throne, the dark lord Ruin rules over much of the known universe. His demon lords march outward into the cosmos subjugating planets for Ruin's ever growing demonic empire. One such creature is Rack, a small, sharp tongued, and diminutive demon lord. Rack's talent for destruction and conquest is unmatched amongst Ruin's legions. However, Rack has one issue that infuriates his dark master. He doesn't subjugate, or enslave any world he is sent to conquer. He just blows the planet up, and moves on. Planets turned into asteroid belts make poor slaves, so Ruin is giving Rack one last chance to conquer a world without jump starting the apocalypse, or be cast into the eternal abyss. Will Rack obey his master? Absolutely not! Features Burn through hordes of foes with 4 core elemental weapons. Unleash death with an array of 24 spells, items, and contraptions. Interactive items that allow the player to create unique item interactions and combos based on the elemental weapon type. Weave through complex bullet patterns while smiting titanic bosses and over 30 unique enemies. Explore an enchanted benevolent world, and then transform it into a nightmarish image of its former self. Ransack castles, pillage dungeons, escape prisons, navigate gloomy caves, and awaken ancient evils. Meet a charming cast of townsfolk, and collect their souls. Upgrade your weapons by selling the souls of innocents to an ancient wizard. Unravel devious puzzles, and scour the land for over 100 secrets. Play on Windows, Mac, and Linux completely DRM free like the Gods and Demons meant PC gaming to be. Customize your destruction with fully remappable controls for Keyboards, Mice, and Gamepads. And, of course, destroy the world.
Skate City is your perfect ride. Worldwide. Coast through three iconic locations based off of real-world skate spots in Los Angeles, Oslo, and Barcelona. Pull off realistic tricks with the swipe of a mouse or a flick of your joystick, with optimized controller support as well as mouse and keyboard options. Hundreds of combinations are available, including flip tricks, grabs, grinds, spins, and manuals with our easy-to-use controls. Complete over 100 challenges or chill out and ride at your own pace with Endless Skate. Customize your skater by picking up a new deck, trucks, wheels, shoes, hats, glasses, and clothes in the skate shop. You can also change your hair style, and skin tone, or unlock new moves and upgrade your abilities. Original soundtrack of atmospheric lo-fi beats. Capture and share your best runs with our in-game recording tools. You can zoom in, use a fish-eye lens, spin the camera and even slow down time to highlight your best tricks!
Meltys Quest is about the journey our protagonist, Princess Meltys takes to restore her kingdom. Meltys is a girl who has fooled around all her life, not giving a hoot about anything but herself. But one day the Grolido Monster Empire invades her country, destroys her home, and kidnaps her three sisters. With no castle and no one else to call for help, Meltys decides, 'Well, I'll like somehow fix everything!' Please warmly watch over Meltys and guide her on this light-hearted, sometimes comical, and sometimes serious, but always erotic, quest to rescue her family and restore her kingdom. Features Over 60 sex scenes with over 80 different wide screen CGs for a total of over 800 CGs! Over 20 costumes for Meltys to dress up in! Multiple endings! New Game Plus! Plot! Plots! Difficulties Kogal Mode - Recommended for players who want to experience the game's plot and 'plot' as soon as possible. Princess Mode - Recommended for players who want a little extra gameplay challenge. True Princess Mode - ? ? ? ? ? A special difficulty mode available only on New Game Plus. Controls Meltys Quest can be played using keyboard only, mouse plus keyboard, or a XInput game controller. However, it is recommended that you have access to a keyboard during the sex scenes for the keyboard-only functions. Note Meltys Quest is made with RPG Maker MV, which isn't known to work well with older computers or laptops . Please close your browser and other extra running programs before playing Meltys Quest. Disclaimer All characters involved in any sexual act in Meltys Quest are over 18 years old. The English version of Meltys Quest is for outside of Japan only.
Icebound is a steampunk fantasy visual novel and puzzle game in a world that has fallen into the depths of a thousand-year ice age. Alchemy is a very real ability to manipulate the forces of nature and machines run using clockworks and steam. Humans have united under a mighty continent-wide empire that seeks to harness the power of alchemy, while the horned race of ferans lives in tenuous peace. The wandering alchemist named Dougal wields the power of fire, which is often shunned as an evil omen, so he never stays in the same place too long. During his travels, he winds up in Isenbarr, an isolated frontier town. When he tries to find a job there, he stumbles upon a mysterious challenge with a potentially priceless reward, and several other alchemists vying for the prize. With a monster plaguing the town, he must use all the alchemical skills at his disposal to prove that fire can truly survive in this world of endless ice. But what is the monster, and why is it here? The truth may be more related to Dougal himself than he believes... Novel-length story A whimsical yet complex story with over 100,000 words of alchemy, mystery, romance and deceit. Many moral choices that change characters' dialogue and reactions, and influence the story's ending. Includes an unlockable encyclopedia that fleshes out the game's world. Challenging puzzle gameplay Put your alchemy skills to the test in 10 increasingly difficult optional puzzles. Original Soundtrack Includes a high quality original soundtrack and music room.
Step through time and discover a mesmerizing new action-RPG that looks like it was plucked straight out of the 16-bit era, but plays like a modern-day marvel! Inspired by non-linear Japanese retro adventures such as Wonder Boy In Monster World, Aggelos hurls players into the middle of a colossal struggle for survival as beings from another dimension threaten to invade the peaceful Kingdom of Lumen. Bursting with secrets and side-quests, and boasting slick melee combat that any 2D action game would envy, Aggelos is the perfect combination of retro style and modern-day game design. A vast kingdom to explore Venture through forests, seas, cave systems and ancient temples as you seek to uncover the magical elements needed to save the world from total annihilation. A classical non-linear adventure Explore a sprawling world that gradually reveals itself, Metroidvania-style, as you gain new abilities and equipment. Deadly encounters Thwart towering bosses and their tricky minions as you take on perilous mainline quests and optional odd-jobs for the people of Lumen. Tactical depth Unlock magical abilities and high-level attacks, expertly chaining these immense powers together to clear screens of enemies in seconds. Stunning sprite art Forget out-of-place modern art: Aggelos boasts superlative character designs and animations while remaining proudly, and faithfully, 16-bit through and through. Memorable chiptunes Lose yourself to a retro-inspired soundtrack that floods the Kingdom of Lumen with life.
Time is relative. Sometimes 10 seconds can feel like an eternity... In TIMEframe you will discover a world in slow motion. Explore the remnants of a mysterious civilization on the brink of destruction. A melancholy soundtrack will accompany you on your journey, highlighting each location you visit with its own unique theme... culminating in a world-changing event. TIMEframe is a short, thoughtful experience you won't soon forget. Key Features: Relaxing, meditative world scattered with intrigue and history for you to uncover. Dynamic soundtrack composed by musician Clark Aboud, featuring beautiful classical guitar, piano, and cello arrangements. Unique polygonal art style reminiscent of early 3D Playstation and N64 games with modern graphical flourishes layered throughout. 10 minute playthrough 'loops' are highly replayable, with more to uncover than can be found in one play session.
A face-melting, pixel-pumping arcade shoot 'em up featuring awesome power-ups, epic boss battles and spectacular effects at a blistering 60fps. Blast into battle against giant space destroyers in Arcade Mode, tackle endless waves of enemies in Survival Mode, face off against epic level guardians in Boss Run mode, and experience the world's first interactive livestream arcade game in Mixer Mode. Experience the world's first MixPlay arcade game! Created in collaboration with Microsoft Mixer, the pioneering Mixer Mode allows viewers of your live-stream to interact in real-time, launching enemies, asteroids, rockets and power-ups into the game at the click of the button in order to attack or assist the streamer.
Welcome back to the 80s! A 20-year-old boy named James Bernett is a ghetto boy with ambitions who wants to get everything from the world at once. James became a criminal early on in his pocket thefts. After another unsuccessful case, Uncle Raph offers him to join the gang, in the ranks of which his father was a member. From that moment on, James is no longer a street thug, but a gangster who performs tasks for the Escapeta gang boss. Very soon, he will create his own criminal empire, built on the sale of drugs and become the most influential drug baron in the city of Los Riveros! Your gangster story You have to climb the criminal stairs, earn authority among gangsters and become the most influential drug baron of the city of Los Riveros! Miami and Los Angeles in one Los Riveros Approximate reconstruction of iconic cities of America of the 80's in the style of Low Poly. Los Riveros - a huge city, stretching for many miles with ocean beaches, mountains, and forests, with skyscrapers, ghettos and hotels on Ocean Drive. Atmosphere of Retrowave Welcome to the retro futuristic world with elements of realism! Do you like 80's culture? It is for you that we have recreated that very favorite atmosphere. Neon signs, palm trees, 80's supercars, clubs and electronic music. All this awaits you at Vicewave! Music in the style of Synthwave Wait for the night, put on a white jacket, sit in an old muscle car and take a ride through the neon city to the atmospheric music in the style of 80s, immersed in your thoughts. Touch the past. Gameplay In Vicewave, you have to create your own criminal empire from scratch, built on the sale of drugs. Sell cocaine all over Los Riveros and destroy your competitors! To rob a bank or a liquor store? To go to the beach away from all affairs? Complete freedom of action! A unique level system will make your character stronger and better with each new criminal case. Fans of fashionable characters will appreciate an extensive collection of clothing, accessories, and hairstyles. Everyone will find a unique combination for any taste and style. Businessmen can open their business on the accrued capital, multiplying it in the bar, club or office. In this city, there are many opportunities to try your hand at different business areas. What about the graphics? Here it will delight even the most demanding judges of quality pictures. Beautiful natural landscapes, stylish architectural solutions, impressive city panorama. All of this creates a unique atmosphere! Vicewave Features: Character upgrade Heists Story line Building your own criminal empire Full character customization LRPD Police A variety of modes of transport A variety of weapons Realistic simulation of driving and shooting Business system Are you interested? Then you will fit right in unique and cozy, but very dangerous Vicewave! Join now!
Embark on this beautiful and short fairy tale that takes place in the Ancient Orient , with point-and-click elements and a soundtrack that follows the story. - A simple Fairy Tale that you will never forget! - A Short game with approximately 1 hour of gameplay. - Linear story! - Easy pace! For those who like a fluid experience, not too difficulty. - A beautiful soundtrack that changes with the player's transformations. - Isometric and Stylized graphics. - A lot of puzzles and different mechanics ! - More than 30 achievements to be discovered: explore the scenarios , talk to NPC's , solve puzzles and find hidden objects ! - A bit of philosophy and oriental wisdom . The Philosophical School of Games is a one-person Brazilian studio! My goal is to create immersive and relaxing experiences that can touch players' minds and souls. From Religion to Philosophy and more, follow the developer page to see my other games!
Expand is a 2D indie minimalist game in which you guide a pink square through a circular labyrinth that constantly rotates, unfolds and expands around you. Navigate through a world that can easily lift as well as harm you, keeping you disorientated and unfamiliar in your surroundings. A world set in five stages, Expand offers an atmospheric experience of exploration, discovery and introspection through gameplay and compelling soundtrack designed to immerse you deeply into its allegorical themes.
RUN, JUMP, RUN, eat candy and go on again! Mr. Sweet is a game about running, jumping and endless distances! Break all the known records of the planet, the galaxy and the universe! Collect 'sweetcoins', candys and bonuses Open new characters, soundtracks and levels Overcome the increasingly complex obstacles Use your superpowers Become the best of the best! Have some fun!
'You awaken to find yourself trapped in an abandoned government bunker. You continuously fade in and out of consciousness. Finally, you are greeted by a warning.' Welcome to the conjuring of your nightmares. Cynoclept: The Game is the epitome of horror classics as you wander the site of Area 911, searching for a way out. As you find clues and fight enemies, you will soon come to know the meaning of true terror. Will you last? Or will your mind give in to those who wish to harm you. Features: Horrifying jumpscares Revolutionary artificial intelligence True horror Genre defining horror atmospheres
MOJACK - QUEST OF JACKAL : PUZZLE ADVENTURE Prepare to embark on an epic adventurous Journey along with Mojack, The Jackal!. Breath-taking 3D visuals and exciting gameplay into adventure survival escape that you will never forget. Guide Mojack on the journey of survival and help to find the lost treasures. Solve puzzles, be aware of traps and be safe while you guide the Mojack to the destiny. A multi-level game which will test your ability to solve the puzzle, Improve your analytic skills, Problem-solving skills and test your concentration level as you tackle the traps. Use all your wits to unravel the treasures. Are you smart? This is a brain teaser for you! What are you waiting for? Just download now and start the quest.
The city of Venice, once a significant tourism destination but now almost uninhabited, is struggling with the unpredictable behaviour of tides. Some of the most important monuments are being taken away, among the complaints of the citizens, and the lower part of the city becomes inaccessible more often than not. In Venice 2089, you'll explore the city through the eyes of Nova, a bored teenager who has no clue about what to do in life and just wants to relax from the stress of their usual routine. Yet tides change for everyone without exception... Navigate the streets of the city in a unique 2.5D artstyle. Explore numerous points of interest from Nova's Boat-house in Santa Marta to the cleaner calli of Punta della Dogana. And watch out for the rising tides, they'll change the way you move throughout Venice! Meet a diverse cast of characters scattered throughout the city. Know their personalities, learn their points of view and help them in different quests. Fill your house-boat with important objects, and remember the experiences you made. Use your hoverboard to navigate Venice, perform tricks and create a dynamic soundtrack that'll match your mood. Interact with the world using your drone, collect objects out of your reach and solve some puzzles. WARNING: THE DEMO CURRENTLY AVAILABLE DOES NOT REPRESENT THE FINAL STATE OF THE GAME AND DOES NOT SUPPORT WIDESCREEN RESOLUTIONS.
You are the captain of a cosmic Battlecruiser, the last remaining warship in the navy. Your homeworld is lost, and surrender is no longer an option. You and your crew have survived the void by scavenging and raiding. Soon, with new salvaged hardware and some ingenuity, your ship and crew will be ready to take back the solar system... Space Battlecruiser is an arcade style, top down space shooter where you control a heavily armed capital ship. Battle against squadrons of fighters, fleets of warships, heavily defended space stations, and powerful command ships. Learn to master weaponry and special abilities like the Energy Shield. Upgrade your ship with salvaged material from your victories.
Dungeon Slime it's a challenging game. Every time you hit the walls you change the shape of Billy the Slime. Dodge sharp spines, go through narrow gaps, solve complicated logic and skill based puzzles to find a way out of this dungeon.
Worlds of Magic is a 4X turn-based strategy game. Players can explore and conquer an almost limitless number of procedurally generated universes, using military and magical power to overcome their foes. Found cities, raise armies, research and cast spells, hire powerful heroes, and create powerful magical artifacts. All will help you in your bid to become the supreme Sorcerer Lord. Customize your own Sorcerer Lord to rule the empire or choose a pre-generated character. Select from 13 spell circles that will determine which of the over 400 spells your lord can learn. Choose from over 40 disciplines that give your lord specific advantages or disadvantages. Pick one of 8 races to be the first in your empire. Seven Planes of Existence all with their own special features. Select the size of the universe and customize the planes. Each plane can be up to 256x128 world tiles. Over 40 types of world features filled with guardians and loot. Over 50 different kinds of buildings to improve your settlements. Over 100 unique military units to recruit and magical creatures to summon. Found new settlements to increase your empire's power. Conquer neutral and enemy cities to extend your borders. 12 types of terrain spread throughout the planes, each offering their own benefits. Over 25 different world resources that can improve production or be used to craft artifacts. Capture cities of different races in order to add their military units to your armies. Use diplomacy to get an edge over your enemies. Play out combat on a tactical battle board or auto-calculate to save time. Hire heroes and equip them with magical weapons and armor. Units gain experience and become more powerful as they achieve victory after victory. Use tactical, strategic, and global spells to destroy your enemies.
SIK - Space Invader Kreature is a multiplayer shooter, a frantic experience of eliminating the hordes of invaders. Rush through the Wayans, unlock paths, create a strategy with your online friends and defeat all the invader creatures using different types of weapons, grenades, and powerups during the match, but be careful, as these creatures increase their speed and stamina as you begin to kill them. Make sure to use your points to upgrade to higher-tier weapons to also defeat the Alux that will show up, the most dangerous known form of these alien invaders.
1Quest is a turn-based roguelike RPG where you play as a young adventurer who pursues an evil blood cult that hasabducted several children, including the princess of the kingdom! You got 7 days before they can start their evil ritual to summon an ancient demon bysacrificing the children. Each region of the realm contains dungeons full of hostile creatures, but you will also find help and get various rewards depending on which path you take towards rescuing the children. But you need to hurry, if you want to save them all... Fight monsters, grab loot, become more powerful and prevent the blood cult from summoning the demon. Key features Turn based RPG 5 races 18 Differents classes More than 150 class abilities and spells for characters More than 100 monsters 20 Differents dungeons with specific rewards Magic system based on spell schools and magic affinities for more diversity and replayability
Sail to the farthest islands to save your sister and defeat pirates. You and your sister had finally found a safe haven in a small fishing village. But more troubles came soon after that. The threat of an unstoppable crew of pirates spread its shadow over the entire kingdom. Your beloved sister was kidnapped by the pirates and taken far away to lands unknown. You have no choice but to embark on a journey to save her. You must be brave. You will travel to the end of the world, helping people, fulfilling quests, learning valuable skills, and finding hundreds of useful items. Explore a beautiful country and sail to far islands. Help people and fulfill many interesting quests. Learn skills such as fishing, hunting and gathering. Find hundreds of useful hidden items. Reach up to 48 achievements.
Dungeons of Edera is a rogue-lite action RPG dungeon crawler featuring procedurally generated levels, each packed with challenging enemies, bosses, and lots of loot for the aspiring adventurer. Unite the Factions of Edera Play through a hand crafted campaign over three unique factions to unite your lands against the Oswary Kingdom. Never play the same dungeon twice Procedurally generated levels featuring a wide variety of themes with random enemies and bosses selected from the numerous factions means you will never play the same dungeon twice, bringing a new challenge every time you step in Your character, played your way Persistent progression and an open skill tree means with each level and skill point you choose your characters path. Loot... Lots of loot Hundreds of loot options over several rarity types that will boost your abilities and help you specialize your character Leave your legacy Spend your gold to rebuild your faction with upgrades that persist through death and aid your next adventurer. Bring in a blacksmith to sell exotic weapons or a trainer from the Fire Mages guild to unlock magical skills.
DUSK reintroduces you to a world where butchery and bloodshed must be mastered... if you're to survive 'til dawn. Inspired by Doom, Quake, Blood, Heretic, Hexen, Half-Life, Redneck Rampage and all your '90s favorites, while featuring a soundtrack by metal music mastermind Andrew Hulshult. In three distinct campaign episodes hand-crafted from straight outta the '90s, players will battle through an onslaught of mystical backwater cultists, possessed militants and even darker forces and attempt to discover just what lurks beneath the Earth. Featuring a vast arsenal of badass weaponry including sickles, swords, crossbows, rifles, dual-wielded and double barreled shotguns and incredibly necessary grenade and rocket launchers , DUSK brings unapologetic retro action from start to finish. In addition to the main campaign, DUSK features an Endless Survival Mode , putting you front and center against wave after wave of merciless enemies. And for those looking for an extra challenge, DUSK also offers the chance to go head to head online to battle your friends in DUSKWorld arena multiplayer , where darkness hosts the worst of humanity in surprising new ways...
Gunbrella is a gritty noir-punk action-adventure set in a world dependent on a rapidly diminishing natural resource. Fill the rain-soaked boots of a gruff woodsman on a quest for revenge, entering an unfamiliar town armed only with the titular Gunbrella, a high-caliber firearm that doubles as an umbrella. Your hard-nosed investigation soon becomes entangled with the inner workings of a creepy cabal of ghouls and gangsters, cops and cultists, and the fallout of corporate exploitation. GAIN MASTERY OF THE GUNBRELLA Engage in thrilling, side-scrolling action making full use of the Gunbrella's unique maneuverability and close-quarters combat capabilities. The Gunbrella is more than just a weapon - use it to glide, swing, dash, and dive around the world and discover seemingly unattainable secrets along the way. LEAVE NO STONE GUNTURNED From a small town menaced by cult kidnappings to a junkyard fortress ruled by a ruthless trash gang, explore a diverse assortment of unusual locations and interrogate bizarre characters on your quest for answers. Keep track of findings in your trusty notebook, and remember to retrace your steps... RETRIEVE. RELOAD. REPEAT. Salvage scrap and spare parts to trade for different munitions and upgrades for your impermeable arsenal. As your search deepens, and you conjure increasingly ghastly agents of the supernatural, you'll need all the help you can get.
Play as a fallen angel seeking redemption by punishing satanic worshipers who don't play the holiest of sports....tennis! Use your blessed racket to wreak havoc and show these satanic practices have no standing in God's land! Hell of a Racket is a unique twist on an old-school genre: First-Person Shooter? No. First-Person Swinger! Engage with enemies in a unique way by reflecting projectiles at them with your racket or simply smacking them! Jump, dash, run, or wall-climb your way around the arena and kill your enemies as you work your way to the final boss: Pickle Ball Satan! Core Mechanics and Features: - Reflect projectiles and launch enemies into each other with a swing of your tennis racket. - Charge your swing to send out faster projectiles. - Dynamic environment that utilizes your skillset - Be mindful of your timing, get it wrong, and suffer from inaccuracy. - Rack up kills against enemies in exciting ways to increase your multiplier and achieve a high score! - Utilize powerups to increase your strength or mobility! Includes a slew of accessibility features to make this game playable for a broad audience.
The Aqua Kitty cats have launched into space in an all new Action RPG shoot-em-up adventure! Pick your crew, then blast off to investigate mysterious water filled asteroids. Battle bizarre enemies, mine magnificent gems, grab new weapons, install enhancing devices, and unlock your crews' unique skills as you level up XP. Just watch out for marauding pirate rabbits, always trying to be first to the loot! Select your ship crew of a Pilot and Engineer from a range of animals with unique skills to unlock Help out the mining cats as you both explore the increasingly dangerous asteroids. Mine rocks for gem crystals which can be spent in shops. Specialised cats can be collected to help you too! Mechanic cats can fix things like doors. Pilots can operate vehicles and turrets. Scientists can assist with more unusual tasks such as... collecting exotic pollen! Blast enemies to gain XP and then level UP! Level UP to gradually unlock crew skills, upgrade your ship, and gain access to higher level weapons and items. Install different weapons and devices for different situations. You can buy them in shops, enemy drops, crates and completing quests. This game supports Joypad controllers such as Xbox and PS4 controllers. It is highly advised to play the game with a compatible Joypad.
The planet is being attacked and it will take a bodaciously bad-ass cursor pilot to blast the scum to whence it came! Dodge, dip, duck, click and point your way to glory in the most gnarly retro-arcade death trap that you are likely to ever play! Point Perfect will put that 'I'm a real PC gamer' attitude to the ultimate test and might make you cry a little in the process. But fear not young pilot, because with great challenge comes even greater glory and nerdy bragging rights! For a select few it will even mean graduating from the prestigious Point Perfect University of Aeronautics. Which of course includes a printable diploma that you can hang on your wall to make Mom proud! Features Procedurally generated levels means no game is quite the same! Over 20 bosses that can evolve new attacks and patterns for you to adapt. 24 trophies to unlock as well as a secret game mode. Get trolled! Point Perfect will test you to the limit and make fun of you if you fail! Steam achievements Trading cards
A true role-playing adventure. A campaign within the world of Vol, a fully realized setting inspired by the late bronze age in a Transylvanian landscape, with unique politics, races and gods steeped in history. Featuring a chosen party of five, you role-play Necholai, a minor god of a celestial body who descends to the Staglands for a moonlit festival only to find the way home blocked and immortality slipping away. Seeking answers and aid, you take on a mortal body and the guise of a traveling Spicer. This isn't a story of good and evil, saving the world or being a hero, it's about intrigue and your adventure of survival in a harsh land. While the game rolls the dice for you, you'll traverse the Staglands on a path narrated by your own wits and choices. A tabletop inspired experience with adventure-game like navigation, Serpent in the Staglands offers no auto-populating map markers, checklist quest grinding and rigid story exposition. Examine hand-drawn maps in your inventory for secret locations, diagrams of foreign languages, note encounters of interest in your in-game journal and figure out on your own how best to smuggle Spices. Roleplay, investigate, and pray to the RNG god when combat begins. Serpent in the Staglands features: Party-based, real time with pause combat focused on macro tactical decisions and creative party skill combinations Classless role-playing system: create builds via any combination of the over 100 magic, combat and aptitude skills available to create or find up to 5 unique characters Non-linear storyline to explore as your adventure allows No level scaling or story-blocked map barriers impede your adventure Dynamic item use, including an incantation book, hand-drawn maps, and a herbology kit for brewing potions Combat designed for minimal pause spamming and without cooldowns, instead focusing on pre-buffing, positioning and auto-triggering skills An unmarked map filled with wilderness, cities, towers, temples, dungeons and caverns to explore. Write your own journal notes for quests, puzzles and leads as you investigate. The game won't hold your hand or tell you what to do. Huge variety of enemies and challenges, including monsters, rogue mages and mutilated outlaws, which all can have the same spells and skills you do You'll never pay for updates, patches, or DLC of any kind for Serpent in the Staglands. For more gameplay information and official forums, please visit:
Gone In November is a video game which deals with the theme of depression. Go through the mind and thoughts of a patient who was diagnosed with a deadly disease during his last days of living. A short experience where your choices and your actions don't matter. Texting messages to a social network account that has been inactive for 121 days, have the habit of watering the cacti without any clear reason, fencing your apartment to isolate yourself from the outside world - what else someone can possibly do when they are at their bottom? 'Aren't we all puppets and the modern world is what pulling the strings? It is tearing us apart. The closer we are to each other, the more lonely we feel.'
Ghosty finds himself in a graveyard with no memory of what brought him to such a fate. He gains ghostly and wizardly abilities, and cleverly utilizes them to make his way through a recently cursed world in hopes of discovering what went wrong. With any luck, he'll find some old friends and have some fun along the way. Being a protagonist in a top-down action-adventure RPG usually comes with many challenges. But as a ghost who can move through walls, what could possibly stand in his way?
Accompany Hercules on a quest to rescue his wife, kidnapped by the evil Hades in 12 Labours of Hercules! You'll meet heroes from Ancient Greece as you vanquish beasts, repair roads and construct wonders in this stunning Time Management game! No magical creatures were harmed in the making of the game. They're all actors. Stunning HD graphics Flying horse included Challenging unlockable achievements Action packed mini-games
Become a necromancer and raise the dead - Undead Horde is a necromantic action game with elements from RPG, strategy and hack'n'slash. You'll battle against the living who've driven the necromancers and their undead minions into exile. You'll re-animate all kinds of creatures and build an army of up to 100 undead. Your army follows you or attacks by itself depending on your commands. Explore and conquer a fantasy world filled with creatures from humans to giant scorpions Re-animate your slain enemies and make them part of your undead army Endless number of new weapons, trinkets and magical items Level up and create the necromancer of your nightmares Sell and trade your loot with various merchants Manage shops with upgrades You will command a horde of Undead minions and unlock new minion types by slaying your enemies. There are over a dozen minions ranging from human archers to venomous scorpions. As a necromancer you can raise your slain enemies as undead warriors. You will also summon undead from your crypt. Graves may offer supring reinforcements whenever you find them. Make your Necromancer and minions even more powerful with items. Procedural item generation provides endless amount of new and exciting items for the necromancer to play with. You will conquer back the lands the living stole from you. Making your way through forests, deserts, and wastelands you will finally destroy the Paladin Goodhelper
FARMING GOES GLOBAL! Use the latest technology and state-of-the-art licensed machines to manage all aspects of modern farming. Travel between Europe, Asia, and both Americas to plant region-specific crops such as hemp, coffee beans, and olives. Farm your way thanks to three unique game modes tailored to both simulation veterans and newcomers to farming games. Try your hand at almost every imaginable aspect of modern farming, such as animal husbandry, orchards, greenhouses, field cultivation, green energy and more. Drive faithfully recreated farming vehicles from such industry leaders as Zetor, Landini, McCormick, Gregoire, DAF, Mitsubishi, and many more. Reproduced down to the smallest detail, including their weight and physics, the machines will offer a realistic, in-depth experience of running a modern farm. Travel between your farms located in Italy, Colombia, Japan and Montana, USA. Grow unique region-specific crops and use dedicated machines never before seen in farming simulators, including the rice planter, hemp harvester and more. Enjoy the freedom and challenge of running your own farm in Free Farming, learn the ins and outs of agriculture in My First Farm, or test your farming skills in objective-focused Farming Challenges.
ValeGuard is a Tower Defense, Town-Management hybrid that combines Turn-Based City-Building with Real-Time Combat. Each day you construct your defenses, train troops, and prepare for attack. When enemies come in the night, you defend with towers, troops, and heroes with powerful abilities! Save as many towns as you can, while you travel through the Vale. Choose wisely, because each town unlocks unique assets and a hero to aid in future battles. Defeat is not the end in Valeguard. Each play you can unlock more heroes and discover new strategies to achieve victory! Build in the day and defend at night The quiet hamlets of the Vale stand defenseless. As the ValeGuard you act as mayor, merchant, and general for each village. Balance your workforce to provide food, housing, troops, and fortifications. When enemies threaten your villages, take on the role of commander with pause-able, real-time combat. Gather resources, craft weapons, and train troops Juggling resources is key to success in ValeGuard. Wood and iron are required to craft weapons. These weapons are then used to create troops or towers. Trade with merchants and buy items on the black market Gold is the most valuable of all resources and cannot be mined. Trade wisely and spend your gold carefully to ensure you have the funds you need. Random events and levels make each play unique Pumpkin patches, graveyards, wizard towers, and other town features can alter the way a town is managed and defended. Navigating nightly events can mean avoiding a deadly fight, or acquiring a magical item. Sometimes risk pays off while other times caution is wisest. Hop from town to town as you travel across the map of the Vale Each town provides a new hero, technology, and bump to starting resources. Not all villages will survive the war and when a town is destroyed, these perks are lost with it. Choose each town carefully to balance your party and defensive strategy for the long-term. Build walls, towers, and traps to defend your village There are many ways to defend a village in ValeGuard. Adapt, and uses what defenses are available to best support your heroes. Unlock new heroes through special events and quests Start the game with a single hero class and unlock rare and powerful heroes as you play. With more hero options you can begin to build a more balanced and powerful party. Upgrade Units With Armor and Mounts Towers are dependable and simpler to build but are static and don't gain experience. Troops are more demanding but can be moved to defend where needed. Troops can also be upgraded with armor, mounts, and gain levels with experience. Confront the dark generals in a final epic battle The final confrontation is difficult and success depends on a successful campaign. All your choices of tech, upgrades, heroes, and more will determine if you can hold out in the final battle.
Sylvio is a psychological horror game set in a tranquil, disturbing atmosphere. Ghost recorder Juliette Waters trespasses into an abandoned family park, shut down since a landslide in 1971. The voices of the deceased captured on her reel-to-reel recorder reveals a tale of an evil curse and a wicked family cult, currently living in the park. First-person horror with a multi-layered story 10 - 15 hours gameplay Open world exploration by foot or car Conduct seances, search for voices in the static, and analyze your recordings with a unique audio gameplay mechanic Full controller support Nominated as Best Original Game at the TIGA Awards Voice acting by critically acclaimed actress Maia Hansson Bergqvist Sylvio was originally released in 2015, and was re-released through an update with a completely remastered version in 2016.
The Earth's sun is about to die. Scientists predict we have, at most, 5 days remaining. The world as we know it is about to end... Cosmic Ray to the rescue! His mission: Explore distant solar systems Colonize inhabitable planets, terraform inhospitable ones Search planets for resources such as upgrade blueprints and alien artifacts Collect ship parts to buy upgrades Thwart alien attacks while avoiding the perils of space Casual gameplay and short rounds make Cosmic Ray a great option for killing a few minutes. Soundtrack Cosmic Ray features a lush, ambient soundtrack featuring music by Snug, JFS and Ogotu. Guaranteed to calm a crying baby in mere seconds.
Be a King and rally your countrymen to fight on the field of battle. Build an army and survive as long as you can while defeating the invading enemies, kill points are multiplied by the size of your army at the time of the kill.
Cult of the Lamb casts players in the role of a possessed lamb saved from annihilation by an ominous stranger, and must repay their debt by building a loyal following in his name. Start your own cult in a land of false prophets, venturing out into diverse and mysterious regions to build a loyal community of woodland Followers and spread your Word to become the one true cult. BUILD YOUR FLOCK Collect and use resources to build new structures, perform dark rituals to appease the gods, and give sermons to reinforce the faith of your flock. DESTROY THE NON-BELIEVERS Explore a sprawling, randomly generated world, fight off hordes of enemies and defeat rival cult leaders in order to absorb their power and assert your cult's dominance. SPREAD YOUR WORD Train your flock and embark on a quest to explore and discover the secrets of four mysterious regions. Cleanse the non-believers, spread enlightenment, and perform mystical rituals on the journey to become the mighty lamb god.
Please Knock on My Door is a story-driven game which gives you control over a person suffering from depression and social anxiety. Help them get through work and reach out to friends while desperately trying to survive. Experience the frailty these themes bring and gain a better understanding of what it's like to live with some of the most common mental health issues today. A compelling and emotional story offering a voice to those who have none. A fully voiced narrator who always has your best in mind. Probably. A gameplay system which adds to the weight of every story-choice you make. No 'Game Over' screen, only alternate endings that tie into your choices. A soundtrack that has been tailor-made for this experience. Relationships that can be developed or broken. Game length varies depending on your choices, ranging from 1-3 hours with enough content that you can come back and explore different parts of the narrative in consequent playthroughs. As in real life, all of your choices are immediately saved. There is only one save. Please Knock on My Door has been in development since autumn 2014 and was initially supposed to be a 6 month exploration of my own experiences with depression. A word of caution; this is a game that might be difficult to play for those who have dealt with psychological issues such as depression and anxiety. That said, I truly believe that through entertainment we are able to understand topics that would otherwise be too foreign for us. I hope this game can help you better understand what it can be like to live with these issues, like it has already helped me.
Gelatinous: Humanity Lost Deep in the Amazon, a lone treasure hunter in search of Ultimate Power gets more than he bargains for when he's turned to goo and falls deep into the bowels of an ancient temple. As the gooey treasure hunter, you start with nothing. No powers. No weapons. Not even the ability to jump. Only by exploring the temple can you begin to understand and unleash the powers of the slime. Keep playing to unlock new powers, own your enemies, and hopefully uncover the secret to regaining your humanity.
Farms are set up in islands over calm and clear water. In this tiny fantasy experience, that is easy to do and very relaxing, just like a 3D jigsaw puzzle. Carefully observe the island, try to memorize it, then shuffle the blocks. Swap blocks to reproduce the desired island and it will compose the archipelago. There is no time limit, no logic challenges, nor resources to manage, so you can calmly just focus on the core mechanics while listening to a soothing soundtrack. Click on two blocks to swap them,; Turn the camera around the island; Focus the camera on a block; Zoom in and out to see details or the big picture; If you need, preview the expected arrangement. 20 different diorama-like islands. UPDATE: a new archipelago with 8 additional islands See your island come to life as you complete certain sectors. As you progress building the islands, see your archipelago expand and evolve in the background. With clear skies, fresh air, and crystal clear water, among animals and listening to the sounds of nature.
Explore a dangerous planet that's different every time and try to survive! The Galactic Union's job for you is clear: research the alien wildlife -- for science! However, in this case, researching may include lasers, explosions, hungry aliens, space sushi, and other similarly delicious-or-terrifying hazards. In-between missions, use scrap metal you've collected to upgrade your stats. Equipment With the amazing miracle of Science, you too can discover more than 200 incredible lost technologies such as the Bucket or the Action Figure. Collect them all to stock your space station with piles of toys, weapons, and creatures, like the hoarder you've always wanted to be. Alien Frenemies Look, we all love aliens. But they don't always love us back. That's why we invented DOMESTICATION. The era of pet aliens has been one of many slimy, tentacled tummy-rubs... but next, we discovered a new problem: sometimes our pets wanted to go other places, do other things, or die prematurely. That's why we invented CLONING, to bring back our pets whenever we miss them. Science! Solving problems, every day. Plus Completely Procedurally Generated Levels Everyone gets the same Daily Challenge - compare your progress with your friends Class system - each clone skin has a different advantage Whether you survive or die, you'll come away better than you started!
A heart-warming journey of discovery, as orphaned chick 'Birb' sets off to find his true origins. Follow this cheerful little bouncing bird who revels in singing, and guide him through this magical journey of stunning pixel art and gorgeous animation that shapes itself to your musical interactions! Chirp to activate platforms, and sing to the residents of the forest, learning new notes to aid you in captivating rhythm battles against the creatures of this sprawling, enchanting world. In this journey of self-discovery, Birb will come across dozens of cheery denizens with joyful and bubbly animations. Fly your way across areas rendered in beautiful pixel graphics as you learn more about the tales of the forest. Come to the aid of the creatures of the forest to find hidden musical notes scattered across the levels. Your good deeds will release extra layers of beats that will blend harmoniously with the soundtrack, bringing further the atmosphere of the world to life. Learn new notes as you engage in catchy musical segments that will challenge your rhythmic skills. Join the choir and press notes in synchronization with the music to sing along! Lead Birb across interconnected levels bursting with life and hidden areas to uncover. Pick up feathers along your way and find their owner to discover myriad of secrets and the lore of this magical world.
THE DRAGON'S LEGACY The world of Nimoa is as beautiful as the morning dew, but only at first glance. Under the surface of hills and fertile valleys lurks an old and eternal evil. Living as a mould, stretching threads through an infected area like deadly toadstools. The center of this 'being?' deep in the under world is the giant daemon, Skarborr. GAMEPLAY You, the player, take the role of the young, inexperienced dragon. In the role of the savior of Nimoa you move through the skies and faces all the challenges of the evil Skarborr. At the beginning of the game the player has the choice of three dragons: Annoth The Fire Breather, Barroth the magician and Morrogh The Necromancer. All three are different and all three have their own ways of dealing with the great many adversaries you will meet. You also develop the dragon's combat abilities throughout the game to deal with the increasingly tough and resilient enemies, until you meet and conquer Skarborr himself. That is not all, you will also need to control other characters and complete important tasks on the path to overall victory: a warlord and his steed on a potentially fatal fact finding mission, the thoroughly competent hunter on a mission of delicate accuracy and selective killing and the three huge creatures and their riders in an attempt to destroy magical generators keeping the dragons away from the next big fight. Through 12 enormous and differing geographical areas the task is not only to hunt and destroy despicable monsters, but to build, maintain and defend human settlements. A dragon's individual character, breathtakingly fluid graphics and addictively exhausting aerial combat bring you many hours of sometimes sweat generating gameplay. You will also fall under the spell of 'The I of the Dragon' with its mystical atmosphere, impressive sunrises and colorful but ominous sunsets, for who knows what the night will bring. FEATURES A choice of three dragons each with its own abilities, based on fire, ice and acid, developing either into a battle, wizard or sniper dragon. There are no limits to the possibilities 12 unique territories representing various geographical areas: mountains desserts, forests and savanna etc. Each map has over 10 square kilometers to cover More than 60 spells with special effects available to each dragon Real time Terra-Forming allows complete mountain ranges disappear and reappear in another location Static and real-time lighting ensure the correct lighting conditions to every day and night cycle Fascinating sunsets and a night sky full of stars await you The Time Control-Option makes it possible to adjust 'The I of The Dragon' to your own speed Slow motion mode with a fascinating effect
BUS SIMULATOR is an 8-10 minute seated headset-only interactive VR experience. Developed by Marc Laroussini at CalArts. Where will the bus take you?
You are the glass eye of a very forgetful explorer. Deep inside an ancient ruin, somewhere in a lost world behind the Bermuda Triangle known as the World of Clouds, you were removed and left behind all alone. Now you must uncover the secrets of the maze and find a way out by yourself. EyeRoll is extremely simple and relaxing to play. You are rolling a glass eye through a maze and must uncover secrets and solve puzzles to find your way out. It is recommended you play with a mouse that has a scroll wheel since you can use that to move the follow camera closer to objects of interest in order to study them so they can serve as clues as to how to find a way out of the maze. It is perfectly suitable for a person of any age and is safe and enjoyable for very young children. The movements of the glass eye player character in the game is purely physics driven. It can bounce around, jump, spin and bump into things. It is controlled using the WASD keys and space bar for jumping. The player looks through a single follow camera with a semi top down view on the glass eye and field of view can be adjusted by moving the camera in closer or further away from the eye. So you could set how much your see of the maze yourself and in doing so challenge yourself accordingly. Look carefully at sigils and markings on objects since they hold clues. Avoid patches of sand. That will dry the eye and eventually cause it to crack up and you lose the game. Keep the eye moisturized by rolling it through water puddles. You can exit the game at any time by pressing the escape key on your keyboard and you can pause the game by pressing P on your keyboard. There are no saving or checkpoint functions. The game was built in the Unreal Engine version 4.24.3 and all 3D modeling and texturing was done in Blender 2.80.
A lethal pandemic swept through the globe, mutating vermin into an aggressive menace and threatening to snuff out the light of humanity. Now my children, the survivors of the disease are rising back up, unwilling to let me become a hollow shell on the coast.' - The city of Nyheim Nyheim is a game of risk management and rolling dice. In Nyheim you will gather a group of survivors, each contributing one or more eight-sided dice to the party. When you rest or explore in a location, you roll the dice and attempt to get the results that cards in the location require. Food, items and skills will grant you rerolls and ways to manipulate the dice, while injuries, threats and hardships will reroll them when you don't want to or remove them altogether! Your ultimate goal is to survive through the winter, gather enough population, or rebuild Nyheim's hydroelectric dam. Crises, threats and ever-looming threat of starvation will make the road to victory harsh and unforgiving.
Climbey is a VR-only climbing game! The goal is to climb to the finish as fast as you can, avoiding obstacles and trying not to fall along the way. Features: Physics-powered climbing and jumping controls that are easy to grasp but hard to master! 15 built in intro levels! A level editor with full workshop support so you can create and share levels! Online multiplayer with up to 10 people , including workshop level support! Race your friends! Support for custom skyboxes! Set it to whatever you like! Optional comfort settings for the motion sick prone among you, floor dots, fov reduction and a spherical cage, more!
There's more to this case than meets the eye! Join Freddi Fish and her best friend, Luther, for the grand opening of beautiful Coral Cove Park - But wait! A mysterious sea creature has been seen lurking inside. If the park is to open on time you have to help Freddi and Luther find the clues, solve the puzzles and get to the bottom of this watery predicament. New locations and puzzles each time you play! Packed with puzzles, games and activities! Find the clues and collect the tools to solve the mystery! Includes 11 exclusive Freddi Fish audio tracks! This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2. For more information, please visit - The GNU GPL can be viewed here - -2.0.html
S.W.I.N.E. HD Remaster is the new edition of the challenging classic strategy game S.W.I.N.E.! 18 years after the release of the original, the filthiest of all wars between the Rabbit and the Pig armies will inspire both new and old fans of sophisticated real-time strategy with completely revised textures, support for todays resolutions, detailed unit models, a 16:9 adapted interface and an extended zoom. About S.W.I.N.E. HD Remaster In S.W.I.N.E. HD Remaster, you'll fight challenging tank battles on the sides of both the Rabbits and Pigs in two extensive single-player campaigns as well as in furious multiplayer battles! Use various tanks, scout vehicles, artillery, rocket launchers, and air support to help your side win. Choose from a variety of upgrades to upgrade your units and equip them with special abilities. Features No tedious base building, just WAR: Assemble your army, plan carefully and plunge directly into battle in two challenging single player campaigns with a total of 22 merciless missions! Looking just swine: You can expect modern resolutions of up to 4K, a 16:9 adapted interface, an extended zoom, revised textures and detailed unit models! Battle your friends: Exciting multiplayer battles for up to 8 players await you in the revised multiplayer mode, both via LAN and the Internet! In addition to the game itself, unique, free bonus content such as the original soundtrack, an exclusive digital artbook with previously unreleased material and a making-of documentary showing both the origins of S.W.I.N.E. and its revival by KITE Games await you. Not just for old hands: S.W.I.N.E. HD Remaster is a real challenge for not only fans of the original, but also for aspiring young generals! Buy the game now to receive all the following extra content only available with this remastered edition: Soundtrack - The original soundtrack of S.W.I.N.E. Art Book - An exclusive art book with previously unreleased designs and concept drawings Making of S.W.I.N.E. - A developer documentary, where you can follow the origins of the game and the process of how Kite Games recreated this classic game.
Guide a solitary firefly as it traces a path across the surface of a candlelit lake in this peaceful, meditative puzzle game. Enter a zen-like state of concentration as you observe and experiment, guiding the firefly by lighting and putting out candles. Find the true path to your goal, and assist the firefly on its long journey through the night and into the sunrise. Features: A gentle learning curve, beginning simply but gradually adding more complicated puzzle elements to slowly increase the difficulty Beautiful twilight visuals and soothing soundtrack create a soothing, relaxing atmosphere More than 70 puzzles in the main path, plus 10 difficult bonus puzzles for players who crave a more challenging experience Simple and intuitive interface lets you dive straight into the game without learning complicated controls Game design inspired by Japanese culture and philosophy
Jumps is a fast paced first person platformer, the aim of the game is to finish each world in under a certain amount of time, you have a limited amount of times you can jump for each level too. Jumps has 6 unique worlds to jump through, 10 levels in each. Each world introduces exciting new game mechanics to figure out and master, including trampolines, cannons, rocket jumping and more!
The old Castevet manor has just been uninhabited, many mysteries await you in the creepy walls of this old residence. Unravel the secrets of Insomnis and fight against your own destiny in a story full of intrigue and horror! Atmospheric Horror: Insomnis generates scares and tense moments with the help of the environment and sounds. In the Castevet mansion, rooms will change and your worst nightmares will come to life. Analogue and digital puzzles: Combining different original mechanics, solve a variety of complex puzzles to advance in search of answers. Exploration focused story: Immerse yourself in a morally ambiguous narrative, where nothing is as it seems. Dark secrets await you in your grandfather's abandoned manor. Multiple endings: Make decisions with caution, your final choices will decide the fate of the characters. Joe Castevet is the grandson of a famous English scientist named Roman Castevet. When Roman dies, he bequeaths the manor where he lived to his grandson. Once there Joe will begin to investigate each room in search of answers. As the hours pass, the old house becomes a darker place and he will discover that he is not alone in his grandfather's beloved home. Countless of secrets and mysteries await him in the haunted Castevet mansion! Game development studio based in Barcelona focused on horror games.
In this 2d precision platformer, you have to memorize and face the invisible and visible deadly objects,running, jumping and meowing! Helping Mrs.Cat to explore Mars and collect all energy gems. Mrs.Cat In Mars is set in cute and deadly fantasy version of Mars. Run, jump and memorize through a stylized, minimalist and treacherous environment. Featuring: Stylized pixel-art; 50 hand-crafted levels with increasing complexity!; A platformer game with a stunning and polished game feel!; Tight controls - optmized controls for gamepads and keyboards!; Cool soundtrack!; Enjoy the challenge in Mrs.Cat In Mars!;
In Among Ripples you are presented to a soothing and meditative experience where you can experiment at your leisure. As the caretaker of a small pond you decide which creatures should be introduced into the ecosystem, and what species will thrive. Study the creatures you introduce and learn more about them in order to shape a pond that you find sustainable. This game is a short but sweet experience where you get the opportunity to relax and think about the balance in nature. Features: Sandbox style gameplay where you are free to choose your own goals Spawn fish, regulate the water's oxygen level and take care of contamination to find perfect balance Organic art style drawing inspiration from shadow puppet animations and watercolor paintings Serene soundtrack with ambience changing with the seasons Relaxed experience where you can take your time and see how things progress at your own pace Among Ripples is a free product with no strings attached. It's a little experimental title we want to share freely with you all.
Shopkeeper Simulator VR is the only VR tycoon simulator that provides an economy system and where earning money actually matters! At the end of the day you must have enough money to pay the rent. Sell various items to your customers and reorder them. You can increase prices per item but customers will have a buy limit. Invest in equipment to speed up your tasks. Oh, and beware of thieves! Features 15 different groceries to buy and sell! Choose between endless mode delivering infinite fun or a 3-day-challenge to keep it short! Unlock equipment for better efficiency: Store products in your fridge to keep them fresh, get notified by a door bell when a customer enters the shop and stash your money in the safe! Prevent thieves from stealing your hard-earned money! Innovative VR controls: Use your eyes and fingers to operate the control center! Get support from the improved tooltip help system! Listen to great music and crazy sound effects! Please be aware that this game officially supports the original HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.
World's first virtual reality stoner rock experience. WHAT IS MOUNTAIN MIND? Mountain Mind is a VR experience that meets the user with an immense headbanging world with solid stoner rock music. Mountain Mind has it's own EP for the soundtrack. The experience allows users to select 5 different scenes with 5 different accompanying songs. Heavy at times but generally a psychedelic, calm worlds are there to be seen and experienced in this virtual reality. And of course, the hair . P.S: But as you know, this is a VR experience. In order to experience as it's intended, you have to see it on your own. Fancy videos or screenshots cannot help describe a Virtual Reality.
Godsbane is a tabletop themed 1v1 auto battler with explosive card game-like combinations. Use a collection of units and powers to pull off wild strategies and dominate your opponent. Play both casually in unranked mode or get serious and use it as your lunchtime eSport in quick competitive matches. Infuse your troops with powers for devastating results, each with its own unique strengths and weaknesses. Make sure you combine them with units that can maximize their potential. Empower a tank with teleportation or give a damage dealer a fatal poison attack, the possibilities are endless! Play competitive matches to gain rating and climb the ranks to become Godlike. Each unit can be moved a limited number of spaces each round. Analyze your opponent's strengths and weaknesses and move your units into optimal locations on the board to give you the upper hand. 1v1 auto battler gameplay with strategic maneuvering. Ranked and unranked gameplay using modern matchmaking. Challenge your friends to a casual match. Offline play with challenging AI.
You've finally made it out of the academy and have been given your first ship to command. Sure it's just a light shuttle, but you've got to start somewhere, right? Suddenly 'somewhere' is stranded in an unknown galaxy surrounded by hostile aliens and no way home. Explore the beautiful and mysterious open-world of Starcom: Nexus. It's a universe where you'll battle or befriend strange alien races, discover ancient artifacts, research powerful technologies and build your ultimate starship. Features: Fully open-world universe with numerous quests and storylines Hundreds of unique planet anomalies, space discoveries, artifacts and more! Fast-paced, exciting combat with numerous hostile factions Over 150 technologies to research Design your own ship using a modular construction system Talk and trade with multiple alien factions, each with their own agendas and dynamic AI Lots of hidden secrets and side quests Quick save anywhere Much, much more!
Pixel Star embodies arcade philosophy; brutally challenging, fun and rewarding. With a focus on progressively intense fast-paced action, player freedom, and solid gameplay, Pixel Star reimagines the shoot-em-up genre. From black holes to space centipedes, nebula storms to stray satellites, there is always something new to discover. Features: Loads of power-ups and customization options Unique, varied enemy AI Merciless boss battles Progressive difficulty and intensity Open-space environment Gorgeous particle effects
Tower Defense from a place down under. Play as Sally the Platypus and Koko the Koala in this cute, lighthearted cooperative tower defense game! Work together to reload the towers with different ammunition to fend off foes. Try your best to hit enemies with their respective colors for optimal effect. This one is perfect with a partner, so invite your best friends, lover or enemies to play with! Controls: Koko Movement - Arrow Keys Action - Enter Sally Movement - WASD Action - Space
Co-op Experience Color Breakers is a chaotic 1-4 player local and online multiplayer co-op coloring game where players need to work together in each of the levels to complete as many paintings as possible. Every level is full of chaos and mystery, so completing those paintings will be harder than it sounds. Players need to coordinate and collaborate to make sure the paintings are completed before the timer runs out. Will you work together to complete your masterpiece? Or will you get in each other's way and ruin what you've been working so hard to achieve? Versus Mode Compete against your friends in versus mode both locally and online to prove once and for all who is the best painter of all time. Includes: - New unique battle stages. - Tons of chaos, fun and ruined friendships. Creative Unleash your creativity and make your own paintings in Creative Mode. Create amazing masterpieces and save them to the Gallery to create your own personal art exhibition.
In the final chapter of this acclaimed horror trilogy, Black Mirror III picks up right where the thrilling ending to Black Mirror II left off. Only a short time ago, Darren Michaels was a quiet store clerk in a sleepy New England town. Now in Willow Creek, England, a tormented Darren barely reacts as police handcuffs are closed on his wrists. All the evidence points to him, and the police have arrested Darren as their primary suspect in a fatal crime. He's subjected to extensive questioning, but Darren is numb to the events occurring around him, and has withdrawn into a deep emptiness. Then after several weeks of incarceration, Darren is unexplainably released. But he is not free. Darren remains terrorized by sleepless nights, nightmare-like visions, and the chilling specter of murder and death,. Now alone, Darren must continue his search to uncover what has been happening to him and lift the veil on his clouded past. What has he really seen? What do his torturous nightmares really mean? Who is the mysterious person that posted the bail to set him free? What demons lie waiting in the crypt? Return to face the dark forces that haunt the ominous Black Mirror Castle as you search for the secrets that lie behind the tangled web of haunting riddles, mysterious secrets and dark characters. Alternate between two playable characters, as you explore over 100 highly detailed and atmospheric locations; interacting with over 50 characters in your quest for redemption. Dare to find the answers in the climactic final chapter of this epic trilogy - for once you gaze into the Black Mirror, you won't be able to look away. Features: In the final chapter in this acclaimed horror trilogy, Black Mirror III picks up right where the thrilling ending to Black Mirror II left off. Return to face the dark forces that haunt the ominous Black Mirror Castle as you search for the secrets the lie behind the tangled web of haunting riddles, mysterious secrets and dark characters. Alternate between two playable characters as you explore over 100 highly detailed and atmospheric locations, and interact with over 50 characters in your quest to find redemption.. Dare to find the answers in the climactic final chapter of this epic trilogy - for once you gaze into the Black Mirror, you won't be able to look away!
Care for Creatures Big and Small Prepare food and feed Pixamals Clean and repair broken enclosures Chase and capture escaped Pixamals! Search for hidden stashes of goodies stolen by Timmy the Racoon Master each Pixamal Species for rewards! Play with a friend - 2 Player co-op available by LAN or internet Design Your Zoo Build and upgrade enclosures Decorate the zoo with plants, monuments, fountains and more Reach greater zoo fame to unlock new rewards Hire staff to help out! Build vehicles and shortcuts to help you get around even faster A Story with Character Save a run down zoo from being turned into a car park Meet zany characters including Billy the hopeless 'veteran' zoo keeper, Timmy the master thief racoon, and Mr McDougal the cold and heartless executive Encounter several surprises and unique story quests Complete story quests to be rewarded with new features, Pixamal species, and Steam achievements Ever Growing Content!
Set the Norns free! Hatch your very own virtual life forms in this incredible addition to the hit Creatures series. Norns are endearing little creatures who grow, learn and behave just like real living animals. Norns think and act for themselves and display real feelings such as hunger, pain, fear and boredom. They can even talk to you and to each other! Based on real biological principles, these furry little pets have their own biochemistry and Creatures digital DNA and represent one of the most advanced virtual life sims commercially available today. Creatures Docking Station is a fully self-contained world with four large rooms and contains all you need to raise and train families of Norns. There are food sources, toys and loads of plants and animals in a working eco-system. Disclaimer : The online features of Creatures Docking Station are no longer available. Hatch any number of Norns from 7 different breeds at any time. Each creature is completely unique with its own personality. The Norns in Creatures titles have digital DNA, so they can inherit characteristics from their digital ancestors and pass them on to their offspring. Expand your game with a huge number of fan-created additions such as new rooms, toys or breeds! Interact with your Norns and the ecosystem in a variety of ways and observe emergent behavior in action!
Bait your hooks, cast your line and join the ultimate 3D fishing multiplayer experience. Anglers have been catching fish since 2013 in this beloved fishing game simulator. There is fun for everyone: peaceful fishing locations in stunning 3D graphics, a friendly community, bait crafting, chat rooms, club tournaments, speed fishing contests, King-of-the-Spot competitions, story quests and hundreds of 3D fish to see and catch. - Let's fish with family and friends: Go 3D sport fishing around the planet - Chat with friends, club mates and players from around the world in the built-in chat rooms. - Cast your line at Lake Coho in the United States and catch walleye, smallmouth and largemouth bass, muskies, salmon, trout and many more - Go big-game fishing: Sail through the Caribbean sea and catch marlins, sharks, tuna, sailfish and many more. - Sail your boat along the east coast of Australia and catch great white sharks, swordfish, black marlins and many more - Bait your hooks in Europe and catch carps, pikes, rainbow trouts, zander and many more. - Explore the heart of Africa and catch goliath tigerfish, kamba catfish, tigerfish and many more. - Clash with other fishing clubs in PvP multiplayer competitions and become the king of the fishing spot. - Take part in epic competitions on your own or with your fishing club and win prizes and glory. - Catch over 200 different 3D fish types - Collect recipes and ingredients to craft your own baits and boilies - Join or create a fishing club - Complete quests and catch legendary fish like the mysterious Tiger Trout and many others - Go on an epic treasure hunt and catch the infamous shark Gorgemaw. - Earn dozens of trophies and catch legendary trophy fishes. Go fishing and relax Install now for free!
The prophecy has been fulfilled! The day has come when mighty dragons seek new territory to claim as their own! Now, only the most courageous and just of leaders will be able forge a friendship between mankind and dragons. In Kingdom Tales you will explore the land, gather, produce and trade resources, build and repair subjects' homes and community structures, and work to increase your subjects' level of happiness! Along your journey, you will meet druids, forest fairies, trolls, dragons and other exciting creatures while racing against the clock to complete tasks in this gorgeous and fun time management and strategy game! EXPLORE the fantasy world MASTER 45 exciting levels SOLVE hundreds of quests ENSURE the welfare of your subjects REBUILD the community SAVE Dragons and make new friendships EARN different achievements 3 DIFFICULTY MODES: relaxed, timed and extreme Step-by-step TUTORIALS for beginners
Bridge It is about building a bridge that doesn't break , although watching your bridge creation break and plunge a train into the watery depths below can be half the fun. Set in the picturesque surroundings of sparse deserts and dense forests it is your task to strategically design and construct an engineering masterpiece. Watch in eager anticipation as unsuspecting motorists, heavy freight trains and tourist riverboats approach. Will your solution stand up to the test or will tons of mangled steel be sent plummeting into the river below? Features: 38 challenging levels from novice to expert Cars, trucks, trains to drive across your bridges Boats to really test your draw bridges Build suspension bridges, draw bridges and more! Ability to save out and swap levels with friends Scoring system rewards clever design and cheap bridges Intuitive editing tools allow you to build beautiful bridges Narrated tutorial levels Earthquakes to really put your bridges through their paces!
Recursed is a 2D puzzle-platform game where the structure of the world can be twisted. Stack up boxes and use keys to unlock doors to get the crystal at the end of each level. Jump into chests to enter other rooms, or pick up the chests and move the rooms around. Duplicate, destroy or alter the structure of the level to solve the puzzles. There's no way to die, no enemies to fight and no holes to fall in or spikes to hit. The only tool you need is logic. Features Over 60 levels with hundreds of rooms. Hidden bonus puzzles. An extensive, atmospheric soundtrack. Large amounts of acid. Several sound effects. Graphics.
Draft of Darkness is a roguelike deckbuilder in a post-apocalyptic setting with survival horror and resource management mechanics. Select a hero, build your starting deck and start your adventure! During your journey: Fight with infected creatures , government robots and other survivors in a turn-based battle system. Explore a post-apocalyptic city consumed by darkness. Each map is procedurally generated and unique for every run. Build a party of survivors to help you on your journey. Each has their own deck of abilities! Trade to collect better equipment and cards , which you can use to strengthen your companions. Make important decisions. Your choices are key to progress the story forward . Unique Weapon Based Combat System Each card in Draft of Darkness can be used by equipping a type of weapon. Determine your strategy by building unique decks combining cards from different weapon types. Each weapon has unique mechanics that can be mixed and matched for insane combos ! Explore Procedurally Generated Maps Find friends and foes lurking deep within the dark corners of the Residence, Streets and Hospital areas. Manage the status of your party, avoid radiation and infection at all costs! Every Run Matters At the end of every run, even if you fail, you will receive credits that can be used to open booster packs to unlock new starting cards for your next run. Every death is a chance to try out new strategies! Every Choice Matters Draft of Darkness has a unique 'meta story progression' system, where every decision can alter the outcome of the story and allow for new ways to progress. You might try different choices on your next run, but be careful,some of themwill have serious consequences.
Battle for Iwo Jima simulates the Invasion and desperate fighting for the island from Feb 19th, 1945 to March 26th, 1945. You take command of the US Marines and will test your ability to do better than those brave Marines did back in 1945. Realistic battle depiction Each turn in the game represents one day with each day broken into phases. In each phase you get to move, support, or attack following a strategy that has to combine enemy lines penetration, HQ communication lines, and overall support for the units that are in heavy contact with the enemy. Units are approximately company-sized. A challenging strategic problem Be warned this is not an easy game to win. You will need to exercise Command and Control over your units by keeping them in range of their HQ to retain their effectiveness in battle. Armor should be used in a supporting role and not in the front lines otherwise the Japanese will eat them for breakfast. Troops need to rest and not be constantly engaged in combat. Numbers are on your side but the enemy has strong defensive positions and amazing fighting ability. Make the most of your resources Use the support points on units that are likely to be fired upon by the Japanese, especially when moving, to reduce your losses. Keep your units fatigue levels low by resting them from combat as they will become less effective as they keep on fighting.
A logic puzzle game, Reky marries an elegance of design with an architectural minimalist aesthetic to create an experience that is fresh, stylish and satisfyingly challenging. The player interacts with the different puzzle elements of each level, shifting and moving them in order to create a path to the goal. Everything in the game is simple and functional, with only cubes, lines, exits, portals and a dash of colour used to create a large variety of brain-teasing challenges. Elegant logic puzzles, escalating to extreme challenge levels Aesthetics inspired by architectural minimalism Crystal clear visuals Beautiful ambient soundtrack 96 levels to test yourself across
Nagoro is a small village in the Iya Valley on the island of Shikoku in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. During her childhood, the valley was prosperous and the village was full of young people. The Nagoro used to have 300 inhabitants that were being supported through the forest industry and dam construction. She moved away to Osaka from Nagoro when she was younger. However, when she becomes older and returns to Nagoro, the village is not the same anymore as what she remembers during her childhood. Estimated play time: 10 minutes Features: - Relaxing music - Educational info about Nagoro - Original song by a Japanese artist - Asami - - Interact button exists
Absolutely Goode Championship is a game where you can either pilot a fast running marble as it competes, rolling downhill, on countless different tracks or just relax, watch and root for different marble teams competing against each other. Before the consumer electronics revolution, and for millennia, mostly what people had to play with were dice, cards, kites, wheels and marbles. Being, originally, nothing more than rounded pebbles, marbles were able to deliver a lot of fun in hours of playtime. One of the most fun and challenging marbles games was the downhill race, where players would spend hours planning, building and perfecting the race tracks in preparation for rooting for their 'teams', as they rushed downhill using gravity to accelerate towards the finish line. Fast forward to the 21st century and now people of all ages can sit and watch videos of such competitions, in elaborated scenarios, wishing, many times, they could be able to influence the races outcome. Absolutely Goode Championship grants you that wish. Design tracks or let the game do it for you and actively pilot any of 16 beautifully rendered marbles in Quick Races, compete in Championships on 10 different pre-rendered race tracks or just start an idle event and watch teams competing against each other, listening to an engaging theme song. Chose the best difficulty level to challenge your skills and prepare yourself to face a fierce competition... those marbles are not fooling around.
Windlands 2 Return to the world of Windlands, alone or with friends. Armed with grappling hooks and a bow, soar through the ruins of a fallen world. Embark on a journey to destroy the gigantic titans and save the world from an ancient danger. - Grappling hooks focused locomotion with parkour platforming. - Variety of expansive areas that reward exploration. - Single player or up to four player Co-Op. - New Bow Weapon to use alongside the hooks in epic titan battles. - Fully voiced storyline with NPCs and world events. - Full Original Soundtrack - Optional skill based Speed Run Races and collection challenges with Leaderboards. - Multiple advanced modes, including 'no hooks', 'one life' and 'hook anything'. - Collectables, Easter Eggs and Achievements that reward exploration with new hooks as rewards for completers.
You have been hired to Crash Test every car in the city. This is an incredibly realistic driving game with a lot of possibilities. The soft-body physics engine simulates every component of a vehicle in real-time, resulting in true-to-life behavior. With meticulous design, intensive research, and experience, the simulation authentically recreates the excitement of Crash Test driving. You must completely destroy ALL of the Cars. Each car has its own scoring system. What is the Highest score You can get ? Use cool Camera effects like Bullet-Time, so, You can see every detail of the destruction. Several different car types like Sedan, SUV and Hatchback with many different paint jobs. Can You be the Top ' CRASH TEST IDIOT ' ?
Fujiwara Toru is a transfer student. At first glance he seems to be a generic, awkward teenager, but there is more to him than meets the eye. Sangu academy has a tradition called Ren. each year student choose a different grade partner, and all non partnered people are alone. One other thing - there can be no same sex pairs. The Gemma Februarii- the jewel of February- is the mysterious prize that each year the winner of the Ren competition will get to temporarily keep in their possession. It's mysterious charm was enough to bring 1st year student Rita Glengold all the way from Scotland to Japan. Will Toru's talents help him find a partner? Can he win the battle of Ren and get the prize of Gemma Februarii?
'D-Life is the introduction to a new and exciting genre of video games. There is a unique world filled with electron-based life forms and your mission is to take pictures of them. You can control the electronic life forms by utilizing their inherent mutating ability and the wind. Each electron has a specific color, and your score is determined by how well you can manipulate them to take a great picture. Although D-Life is unprecedented in its design, you'll soon discover that this game is easy to understand, simple to play, yet also deep and challenging. It can be played with a mouse and keyboard, or a controller. Yuriko Keino, who has worked on legendary Namco titles such as Dig Dug and XEVIOUS, is in charge of all sounds, from background music to jingles and sound effects! D-Life is also compatible with the Nano KONTROL2, an electronic musical instrument manufactured by KORG. Make use of its knobs and sliders to control the electron-based life forms for added immersion. Feel the electronic DNA and take great pictures!
living the Dream Manage your time as a bedroom programmer. Pick projects, contract-work and vacation days to get by, then start to build some passive income through your startup. Beware though: Once you start hiring your first employees and upgrading your office, you'll attract the attention of competing businesses... don't Panic! You decide how each project goes and what to focus on Spend a week training your staff, or earning money, or building features... but choose wisely! Upgrade your company in the skill tree: Will you take longer vacations or cheaper air-co? Hunt for new employees and hire the ones that fit your style: Social butterfly? Marketing expert? Lone Wolf? Compete with rival CEOs for new users in your region, and then expand out by building new headquarters on a world map! Hurting for cash? You can take out a loan or search for investors, but don't think it'll come for free...
Super Pixel Smash - VR You have been chosen to compete in the world-renowned sport of Super Pixel Smash! Only the best have answered the call and only the best of the best can hold the crown of SUPER PIXEL SMASHER! Dive into the competitive world of Super Pixel Smash! Hone your skills by smashing powerful shots at the interactive walls, targeting power-ups for increased scoring, multi-balls, and charged shots! Keep on your toes avoiding the dreaded death panels! Race against the clock to finish each level and achieve the greatest score in the world! Responsive, active gameplay Multiple charged power-ups Fast-paced arcade action Leaderboards to compete against the best Retro 80s styled visuals Be the Super Pixel Smash Champion in the fast-paced immersive action of Virtual Reality! Rack up massive point combos in this high action, highly addictive, ball smashing, retro-theme arcade awesomeness!
Don Bradman Cricket 17 brings a new revolutionary control system delivering the best batting, bowling and fielding experience by providing you an even greater level of variety and precision of play. Bat like a pro with the new helicopter, reverse sweep and scoop shots. Stump your opponent by mixing up your fast deliveries with leg-cutters, off-cutters, cross-seam or go with spin deliveries including the doosra or googly. Enhanced fielding including a new 'reflex catching' system. Fielding also includes slides and tap backs inside the boundaries, plus relay throws. A deeper career mode that gives you the choice between a seasoned pro or a rookie just starting out in club cricket. Motion captured first class cricketers, including female cricketers for the first time in all game modes. A world first stadium and logo creator that allows you to customise and share your play experience. Download and play with thousands of community created players, teams, umpires, stadiums and logos. Note: You must be connected to the internet to boot this game. You may disconnect from the internet once at the main menu.
In Depraved you are the leader of the pioneers in the Wild West. You are about to start your adventure in a procedurally generated world with only one carriage full of resources. Select a suitable place for your first settlement and procure building materials from mother nature or by trading to create a new home country for your residents. The happier your residents are, the faster your town will grow. Supply your residents with food and water, so that they won't starve or die of thirst. Protect them against the weather and against illnesses by supplying them with clothes and fire wood. You will have to face numerous dangers. Storms, illnesses and bandits will strike at you, and also your own residents can become a danger, if you do not meet their needs. Are you ready for this challenge? Needs The residents of Drepraved have needs. Their basic needs are hunger and thirst which you can satisfy with food and water. In addition, every population type needs another food source. If your population type experiences a shortage of food and the preferential food is not available, you can nourish them with an alternative food source - however, this will affect the mood of your residents in a negative way. Unhappy residents commit raids and other criminal offenses or simply leave the town. The happier the residents of your town are, the more popular life in your town will become and more and more colonist will join you. If your town experiences famines, illnesses or lawlessness, the residents of the town will turn their backs and the streets will resemble a ghost town. Dangers The Wild West is dangerous! Dozens of challenges must be faced. There are different areas in which your residents can settle down - however, each of them is known for its own challenges. While in the desert the food and water supply remains a difficulty, in the snowy areas you can only resist by a constant supply with fire wood. Another danger comes from the surrounding animals. Even if most animals avoid humans, you should be cautious with wolves or bears. They can cause heavy injuries to your residents or kill them. Also surrounding camps and bandits can become dangerous. Do not underestimate them, because they rob your residents and commit raids. Such attacks affect the safety feeling of your residents and cost you valuable resources. Native Americans It's up to you: Native Americans can either be your friends or they can become your worst enemies. If you build a settlement in their neighborhood, they naturally feel threatened at first. To temper them and to gain their favor, you should trade with them. If you aren't interested in a peaceful coexistence, try to fight them and conquer their land!
How long can your family survive during the sudden onset of winter? You are the provider. The glue that holds this little family together. Unfortunately winter has come and you have no way of weathering it. Instead of hunkering down and riding it out. You must now go out into the woods and find what survival you can. You play as a fox, Mr. Fox. You are a predator and as such you hunt smaller animals and inside your burrow you need to keep your family warm. Hunt for food and gather wood for the fire. Keep an eye on the time of day and weather. The forest is full of opportunity. Your family is counting on you. Good luck. This is my first finished project. I hope you enjoy playing it as much as I loved building it. I am working on a update for this 'Short Story' of a game. Thanks again for checking it out!
Seeders is a puzzle-platformer with tight and responsive controls and some really challenging puzzles. If you share my opinion that most recent games in the genre have been too easy on the puzzles - then this game is for you. This game will make you stop and think. You will think about the puzzles when you are away from the computer. The puzzles don't have many moving parts, so it's easy to combine them in your head. But the solution is rarely obvious and usually isn't the first thing that comes to your mind. The game engine allows you to experiment with the world and try different approaches until you find one that works. Some of the puzzles can be solved in multiple different ways. Checkpoints are abundant and it's always easy to go for one more try. In the first chapter there are subtle clues in the environment like billboards or signs on walls that should give you hints. Features single player adventure local co-op with additional puzzles designed for two players original soundtrack support for various controllers support for older graphics cards and computers over 100 unique puzzles including switches, sensors, doors, elevators, movable blocks, lasers, mirrors, driving vehicles, flying a spaceship, manipulating gravity and your enemies Players who want extra challenge can try to collect all the hats, which requires solving some optional difficult puzzles or solving the existing puzzles in different ways. Controller support Controllers are fully supported. Some standard ones like Xbox 360 controller work out of the box. All others can be configured within the game. Single player game can be played with the keyboard or controller. Co-op requires at least one controller. Other multiplayer modes require 1-4 controllers, depending on number of players. Only one player can use the keyboard.
Build. Fly. Build. Shoot. Build. In Captain Forever you build spaceships while you are flying them . There's no cumbersome editor. Just blast an enemy ship apart, grab a piece with your mouse, and bolt it to your ship. Done. What's more, everything is physically simulated so ship design has a huge impact on flight characteristics and combat capability. All Three Games. Captain Forever Trilogy includes the games Captain Forever, Captain Successor, and Captain Impostor. Forever is the original, award winning game. It's vanilla. Successor adds tons of new modules and ship types. It's a whole ice-cream shop. Impostor blows the formula apart by allowing you to instantly clone any of the game's enormous, fantastical ships. It's an all in ice-cream shop food fight. Better Than Ever. With its brand new renderer, Trilogy is faster, slicker, and shinier than ever. What's more, the new wing shaped modules massively increase the scope for cool looking ships and thoughtful design. New audio has been added, and best of all, acclaimed novelist Cassandra Khaw has pored over every line of text in the game, rewriting most and adding many more. The Captain Forever universe is now exactly that - a universe. And it's all here in Captain Forever Trilogy.
Deity Quest is a light-hearted, pokemon-inspired RPG where you play as an ambitious young god, recently assigned to a world - Aberos - to convert followers and gain power. Your goal is to become the Overgod, the highest position among the many gods of Aberos. Develop your divine magic, support your followers in fast-paced 6 vs. 6 battles, adventure through locations, and compete with other deities in your quest to reach the top! Convert Followers Discover 128 unique follower types throughout the land of Aberos, each with their own strengths, weaknesses and skills. Develop as a Deity Gain powerful magic unique to your alignment to support your followers and smite your enemies. Explore Aberos Travel through locations and quests, finding items and secrets, solving puzzles, gaining experience and discovering new followers. Fight 6 vs. 6 Battles Use strategy to manage and support your followers as they fight, and get the most out of their individual skills. Become the Overgod Race your rival, battle other deities and solve a murder mystery as you strive to become the Overgod of Aberos! Multiplayer Trading and Battles You can now trade followers with other players and battle other players online or over a LAN without the extended edition DLC!
The Legend of Crystal Valley is a point n' click adventure game, based on story and exploration, set between the real and the fantasy world. The game was developed by an small indie team back in 2009 and finally it found its way to Steam in 2020. We believe we managed to create an authentic old school point n' click adventure game, with an absorbing story-line and variety of characters and puzzles. We hope that the mix of reality, fantasy and science fiction is something you'll like. When Eve receives a mysterious and disturbing letter from her long-estranged father, who for years has lived an increasingly secluded life, she travels to the family estate in France in order to find him. After arriving, she discovers that her father has disappeared. Now, in order to find him, Eve must explore Crystal Valley, an alternate fantasy world inhabited by strange creatures, and piece together the clues that reveal her family's true identity. Original and exciting story combining reality, fantasy and Science fiction Search for your estranged father Learn about your origins and your family history Explore Crystal Valley, the hidden world Discover 9 chapters with more than 150 locations Interact with more than 40 key characters including fantasy creatures like dragons, dwarfs, angels and other creatures from European myths and legends Use over 150 items and item combinations Use magic and magical items to solve quests and puzzles
A wonderful adventure. Leszek, the families father speaks about mathematics all the time almost. He has a PhD in math and wants to teach everyone about math. Also Ben is the main character, and the two others are Sophie and Anna. They, together as a family, go on adventures to upgrade their newly gotten house. The game is awesome. It has many features of other games but the best feature is its beautiful texts. It is great. It is nice. It is awesome. Features: Read beautiful texts from NPCs and player characters. Enjoy nice music. We get different music in different areas. Music scored 95 points in Family Friendly Gaming. Travel to different locations. Do quests and objectives. There are 41 quests in total. Game length is 3 hours. Graphics are decent. Open world. No fights at all. Non-violent game. Relaxing game. We are adding more content to the game from time to time. Buy the game and get extra content for free! Content: Act 1 - Start playing the game as Ben who does a few quests and at the end speaks with a captain. Act 2 - You are given the task of finding 3 crystals while playing 1 family member at a time. Act 3 - As a reward you get a house. You have 10 quests to do here each one done giving you 1 upgrade to your house. Act 4 - When you have 5 house upgrades you can start this act. 4 quests on another map. Play as 4 party members. Act 5 - 4 other quests again on another map. Play as Ben only. Act 6 - 4 other quests again on another map. When you arrive on the map first you will have to search for your family members who got lost here. Act 7 - 4 quests in a snowy area. Act 8 - 4 quests in a desert area. Act 9 - 4 quests in the mountains.
Ted by Dawn is a humor laden throwback to classic action platformers such as Mega Man and Metroid. The game focuses heavily on frantic platforming action complete with boss fights, spikes, and plenty of fire. Ted by Dawn follows the story of Ted Carcass, a reclusive survivor of the apocalypse. Ted is a rugged man, a man's man, a beard supporter, whiskey drinker, shotgun aficionado, and reluctant savior of the human race. There are no checkpoints, and death instantly restarts the stage. Muscle memory, memorization, and an iron will to survive are required for success. On a routine supply run to the local tavern, Hunter's Haven, Ted runs across a scientist. After an unfortunate skirmish with some fellow redneckians, Ted is left to escort his newly acquainted friend across the wasteland to find a suitable laboratory to synthesize a cure for the horrible mutagen that has ravaged the land. Along the way, Ted will meet with hordes of zombies, mutants, savage survivors, and apparently, flaming pants.
The Cinema Rosa is a story-driven adventure game set in an abandoned cinema. Explore a unique, art deco cinema filled with dark mysteries, puzzles and ghosts. Can you bring peace to these haunted hallways and bring back the Golden Age of Hollywood, or will the cinema fall into ruin and decay? Uncover the history of two lovers who bought the cinema as a passion project, before things went downhill. Follow the story of their relationship as it unfolds alongside the story of the cinema's decline, the two stories working as parallel narratives. The game explores themes of loss, romance, nostalgia and regret, aiming to take the player on an emotional journey through the psychological effects of a relationship. Key features: 2 - 3 hours of play time Powerful, emotional storytelling Puzzles that test your logic and skill Items to examine and lore to explore Complex VFX, including ghosts and haunted rooms Cinematic cut-scenes Dynamic, interactive environments Classic references to old cinema and Hollywood Music inspired by Bioshock Discoveries to be made around every corner. As you solve puzzles, you will begin to uncover the history of the cinema. The game world will become dynamic and changeable. Each room can be rebuilt and restored, giving you unprecedented control over the game's environment. It's a truly cinematic experience. Find clues and hints about the history of the cinema in handwritten notes, postcards, phones and other objects. Collect objects for puzzles and figure out how they should be used.
Introducing Cat Sandbox - guide cute cats through puzzles! Safely lead them to comfy cardboard homes using physics and destruction. Cat-saving Adventure Help cute cats find their way home! Use tools like bombs, mines, sand, and water to create paths. Watch the magic happen as everything reacts! Nostalgic Pixel Art Enjoy classic pixel art style cats. It's like a cozy blanket for cat lovers and gamers! Fun Physics Puzzles Every level is a new puzzle adventure! Think and plan your moves. Each one counts. See your solution come to life! For Cat Lovers If you love cats, this game is for you. Guide them step by step to safety. Cat Sandbox is our way of saying 'we love cats!' Join the Fun Download Cat Sandbox now and start your cat-saving adventure!
GROW. MAKE FRIENDS. SURVIVE TOGETHER. In this non-shooting shoot 'em up, you are a single white pixel who can absorb the bodies, abilities, and weapons of every enemy pixel you collect. It's up to you to stay either a small and nimble ship, or turn large and powerful. Just remember: protect your core white pixel, because every mistake could be your last. INFINITE POSSIBILITIES Every single enemy wave is randomized, and your size and power changes for every pixel you collect and destroy. There's never one strategy that works for very long, because every playthrough is an entirely new experience. SIX DIFFICULTY MODES, UNFORGETTABLE BOSSES, and CO-OP Each difficulty has new enemies, weapons, and bosses! Change your strategies and push your limits in each mode. See how you match up against friends and other players in the online leaderboards. Two pixels are better than one. In local co-op mode, you and a friend can both collect enemy pixels independently. When one of you dies, the other can revive you simply by touching your pixel. For an unforgettable challenge, Boss Rush mode will bombard you with all the bosses you've encountered throughout the game. How many can you survive?
Have you ever thought about expanding your own crime empire, without the legal and moral consequences? SIMULATE IT! Now you will finally be able to crawl into the dark alleys of the drug dealing business! Start small, grow BIG! Begin your story in a small dirty hideout and make your way up to controlling the territory, hiring your own minions, and doing dangerous business. Become a street business mastermind, or a ruthless gangster - it's up to you! But be careful! Nothing is easy in the world of crime... Retrieve smuggled merchandise from outside cartels, avoid the police, organise hideouts. Sell small amounts to singular clients, or do big deals with gangs. Remember, you have to be smart, you have to be sneaky. Enemies are lurking on every corner, and the DEA never sleeps. Scared yet? Don't be. The brave ones rule the world. In this world not only you seek power, money, and respect. Be careful with your actions. Don't screw your clients... too much, cooperate with the right people, don't get caught and you just might live long enough, to spend your fortune! Who needs money, if you can't spend it, right? Use your profits to either grow your gang, buy new equipment, hire some muscle or... JUST HAVE FUN AND PARTY. Cash, drugs, and rock'n'roll... or something like that. GAME FEATURES: - Receive smuggled shipments from the cartel - Safely make your way to your hideout with the merchandise - Create your own recipes, divide portions to prepare dope for sale - Organise your distribution starting from singular junkie sales up to wholesale transactions with local gangs - Strategically avoid police patrols and DEA ambushes - Raise your influence and gain territory. Hire people, make deals with gangsters. - Grow your business, invest your money and face new dangers and dilemmas as you climb the criminal ladder.
Froggy's battle is a cute and loopy take on the action roguelike genre . Master unique loop movement , build your dream frog with shiny upgrades , and you might be able to survive the ongoing waves of angry enemies and strong bosses ! Skate that loop! Tired of moving by simply walking? Good news, that frog doesn't even know how to walk, but she sure as heck can skate ! Ride along the loop arena, turn around, jump, crouch, accelerate, do whatever you need to evade enemies attacks and give them a taste of your weapons! Choose cool upgrades! A simple ollie is cool and all, but how about doing a kickflip that's so fast that it summons thunder while swinging a huge sword and throwing fireballs? You could do that, or a backflip while blasting loud music and launching a bowling ball, that's up to you to decide! Choose your weapons , change your skateboard tricks , upgrade your stats and become unstoppable! Survive waves of cute enemies! You thought you could skate peacefully today, but that frog army won't let you. They'll come bouncing, flying, rolling, and they'll even send their big bosses . Do anything you can to keep them away, and be warned: they might be cute, but they sure are angry and many ! Trailer music by Heatley Bros
Paladin's Passage: Secrets of the Forgotten Realm casts players in the role of dwarvish Paladin, Thieren Cromlech, on a noble quest through the mythical land of Aramor, journeying through over 100 monster-filled dungeons to your goal. Will you be chosen to triumph and unveil the ancient secrets buried beneath Aramor? CREATE AND DESTROY BLOCKS TO SURVIVE Step into in an ancient realm teeming with secrets and challenges, where every step promises thrilling encounters and mind-bending puzzles. With over 100 meticulously handcrafted levels, each offering a unique twist and obstacle, your journey will be filled with excitement and surprises. Use your dwarf-forged hammer to create and destroy blocks, jump and dodge your way past dragons, trolls, demons and other monsters. Collect artifacts hidden in every level to advance. CLASSIC CONSOLE MEETS UNREAL ENGINE This precision platformer combines classic console gameplay with the latest game engine technology of UE5. The adventure is not limited to the confines of the game. Engage with a vibrant community of players as you create and share your custom levels, pushing the boundaries of imagination and challenging others to test their skills. Ascend the leaderboards, earn prestigious achievements, and become a legend in the realm of Aramor. GAME FEATURES Master Challenging Levels: Traverse over 100 hand-crafted levels that test your skills as you collect keys to unlock new stages and unravel the mysteries of the Aramor. Encounter Mythical Beasts: Outsmart fantastical creatures and magical traps lurking in ancient ruins' shadows. Discover Hidden Treasures: Collect precious relics and hidden items to aid you on your sacred quest. Create and Share Your Own Adventures: Design and share your levels with the built-in level editor, inviting others to test their mettle in your custom-built worlds. Stunning Visuals and Immersive Environments: Experience the enchanting world of Aramor through realistic 3D-rendered environments powered by Unreal Engine 5. Customizable Controls: Enjoy seamless gameplay with your keyboard or gamepad, and tailor the controls to suit your preferred style. The passage to glory beckons. Will you answer its call and rise above the challenges that await? Prepare for an immersive and unforgettable journey in 'Paladin's Passage: Secret of the Forgotten Realms.' Get ready to write your own legend!
Vanishing Realms: Rite of Steel is an immersive Role Playing Game designed from the ground up for Virtual Reality play. Use one-to-one motion controls and movement so that you are fully in control of combat. To swing, duck and block, you don't hit a button, but physically move to perform these actions as if you were there - because you are! Treasure chests, weapon shops, a horde of undead foes, mystic writings, banished gods, lost artifacts, ancient tombs and moonlit forest - it's all here waiting to be discovered in a beautifully hand-crafted VR realm. Battle life-sized monsters in stunning, face-to-face melee and magical combat. Hold weapons directly in your hands, learn to block enemy strikes, seek openings in their armor and defenses and strike back. The longer you play Vanishing Realms, the more you'll hone your physical skills. You'll take on more powerful and advanced enemies as you move deeper into the world. Explore, Discover, Collect, Solve, Play. Directly interact and move freely through a rich and varied fantasy world. Vanishing Realms combines the long tradition of hand-crafted game design with the intuitive and immersive experiences made possible through Virtual Reality and hand-held tracked controllers. Surround yourself with Adventure. Pause to take in the moonlit vista before you. Rest beneath a gnarled apple tree - it's good to see the night sky again. How long have you been fighting and exploring in this place? Rummage in your backpack, take a few bites of bread and cheese, drink a healing draught, think of all you've seen and...is something moving over there...on the tree line, beyond the rock outcropping?
Zotrix is an arcade space shooter inspired by early shooter games on arcade machines from 80's and early 90's. Designed for all generations it contains missions with nice and colorful enemies while focused on the arcade element of the gameplay. This being said, this is an upfront disclaimer about a lot of repetitiveness in the gameplay as it is the case with older arcade games. You dive into deep space escorting a cargo ship from your fleet. Quickly you realize you're within the boundaries of enemy territory. Chains of enemy ships are lining up one by one while you perform maneuvers to clear the perimeter and avoid being cleared out yourself. Victory doesn't come easy as you have to earn every single space credit out there fighting in over 50 missions. By clearing your mission objectives, reward is coming to your account and you're ready to upgrade your ship with decoys, shields, laser boosters and much more. You can even buy a new, better fighter. As you progress, you will get engaged in trading earned resources such as cobalt, nickel, palladium and others in trading room every space station features. Build your strategy by carefully choosing routes from your space station towards another and have your take in every mission. Each mission will pit a challenge in front of you and most of the missions will get you to face a bigger and badder alien ships.
One-Way Ticket is a visual novel loosely based around actual events. A group of men and women, isolated at sea on a long-distance fishing vessel, suddenly find their very humanity at stake as crew members begin turning up dead. Featuring hundreds of detailed scenes and scenarios, the relentless ocean voyage is vividly brought to life. From Japan to the Solomon Islands, this promising South Pacific fishing journey may only require a one-way ticket!
Dive in and unlock all 3 shark shapes! Maki has 3 shark shapes, between which he can switch dynamically. These act like upgrades and all have different abilities: -The Reef shark forms the basic shape and is an all-rounder -The Hammerhead shark can shatter rocks and walls -The Mako shark is very fast and agile A big game world to explore! Makis Adventure offers you a variety of islands to explore. Meet friendly characters and make new friends. Brave explorers will be rewarded with hidden treasures and locations. Whether fighter or explorer, everyone will find their style of play! Defeat powerful opponents and bosses! Each dungeon has a mini boss and an end boss. You will also meet numerous other opponents in the dungeon. Find your perfect fighting style! Fun platforming! Makis Adventure is filled with innovative platforming. It will never get boring!
About SC2VN is a visual novel about the South Korean StarCraft 2 scene. You play as Mach, a foreign semi-pro trying to make it in eSports who soon learns that success in StarCraft takes more than in-game strategy. Meet fellow pros and build a team that can compete with the best. This game is written for all players who want to live the dream. No previous knowledge of StarCraft and eSports required.
After living for generations as persecuted refugees, the Letarri people set their sights on a far-off planet as a promising new home. But when the interstellar mission to colonize the new world goes terribly awry, the fate of their people falls into the hands of a lone adventurer. Now it's up to you to unravel the mystery of what happened. Can you save them and their mission, or is it already too late? Prominence is a first-person, point-and-click adventure game for the PC filled with puzzle-solving goodness, compelling character arcs, and an engaging story of hope and humanity in the best traditions of good science-fiction. Key Features Solve a dynamic mix of challenging, yet logical, puzzles that tie directly into the story. Discover clues and reconstruct the events of the mission through emails, audio recordings, environmental clues, and a damaged central computer in need of repairs. Hack computer subsystems via a text-based interface. Acquire and use additional skills and abilities as you progress through the adventure. Become immersed in the world through fully rendered HD environments with animated movement and effects. Access holographic data archives to explore a wealth of backstory, environmental details, mission information, crewmember records, and more. Experience an original soundtrack with over 40 minutes of music.
Build a loyal band of followers and survive the journey across a broken world. Barely. Take on the role of a powerful leader and mystic. Empowered with the gifts of technopathy, the ability to sense and affect electrical currents. You are the last hope to a band of outcastes and refugees. Lead them across the randomly generated wastelands. Pick fights with greedy slavers and crazy machines using the turn-based card combat. Can you survive long enough to reach the mysterious Crypt? These features make Nowhere Prophet stand out Card-based tactical combat system New procedurally generated maps each game Find loot and recruit followers to build your deck Unlock new content across multiple playthroughs More than 300 cards for you to discover Indian infused electronica soundtrack A roguelike deck-building game Nowhere Prophet is a single player card game with procedurally generated maps, a high difficulty and permadeath. At it's heart are two distinct parts of gameplay: Travel and combat. TRAVEL During travel you navigate across a procedurally generated map. Make sure your convoy has enough resources to travel as you pick your route. On your journey you will encounter strange places and even stranger people. You will be thrust into situations that put the fate of your followers in your hands. If you're lucky enough to gain some rewards, maybe for helping someone - or robbing them, then you can invest those to improve your decks. Recruit more followers to have more and different units to put into battle. Equip your prophet or level up and learn new skills to have access to stronger action cards in combat. COMBAT You will have to overcome some enemies to keep your convoy and resources together. And sometimes you may even want to pick a fight for righteousness or just for loot. Once in battle the game changes to the turn-based card game mode. Play convoy cards to put your followers onto the field and position them so you can overcome your enemy. Or play action cards to dramatically change the battlefield. But be careful: If you're wounded you will have to find a safe place to heal. And if one of your followers takes too many wounds, they are lost forever. A science-fiction post-apocalypse Nowhere Prophet is set on a far off planet called Soma. Your story begins many years after the Crash, a complete technological collapse. Civilization has broken down and the lack of resources made everyone turn either bandit or madman. In this world inspired by Indian culture you lead a convoy of outcastes. These desperate men and woman following your vision of a better future. Under your guidance they travel with you through the wastelands. Your goal is the Crypt, a mystical place that promises untainted technology and safety. If you can survive long enough to find it.
The Dungeon Beneath is a tactical rogue-lite autobattler. Gather your party and descend into the dungeon, battling your way through room after room of nefarious enemies. Collect powerful artifacts and equipment to create an endless variety of strategies. Craft your unique party Select from five heroes and dozens of characters to create an unstoppable party. Refine your party by levelin g up pa r ty m e mbers or swapping th e m at Campfires. Explore an ever-changing dungeon No two ru n s are alike. Dungeon layouts are randomly generated for each journey b eneath. Fight different enemies and find pow e rfu l artifacts hidden deep in the dungeon. Fast-paced tactical battles Prepare for battle by tactically positioning your party on the board, then let your party do the fighting. An endless amount of variety Each party member can be equipped with up to three items, modifying the i r stats a nd abi l ities. Rare artifacts give your entire party unique effects.
Dead Dungeon - is a hardcore 2D platformer in the best traditions of classic games, with an excellent chiptune soundtrack. The game will check your nerves for strength and bring a lot of emotions. Story: You had a carefree life until the villain has deprived you of sweets and taken away souls from every living thing. Now you have to go to a hard journey to bring back all the souls and sweets from the mysterious dungeon. Features: Challenging gameplay Gradually increasing complexity and learn to play without annoying tutorials, only with the help of game design - as in the good old days. Simple and beautiful graphics A simple graphic style will be pleasing to the eye, and square sprites will liked by fans of square sprites. Great soundtrack The Original Chiptune soundtrack, created specifically for this game by the author HateBit famous for the game Dungeon Escape and others. Supports all popular gamepads The game supports all popular gamepads and features, such as vibration and lighting. You do not need to edit any settings - just run and play. Riddles and Easter eggs Riddles and Easter eggs will make the game even more interesting and mysterious. Old-School feeling The game has absorbed all the best of the classic games with the support of modern technology for the best sensations from the game. The game supports ultra-wide monitors 21:9 and 4K resolution.
Betrayer is a first person action adventure game that takes you to the New World at the turn of the 17th century. The year is 1604. You sailed from England expecting to join a struggling colony on the coast of Virginia. Instead, you find only ghosts and mysteries. What catastrophe blighted the land and drained it of color and life? Where are the settlers and tribes who lived here? Clue by clue, you must piece together the story of what befell this doomed settlement and find a way to set things right. You will be hunted by corrupted Conquistadors and ravening shadows as you explore an expansive wilderness in order to trace the brief, tragic history of the colony and search for survivors. Key Features Explore large, open environments teeming with danger and discovery. Chart your own course in search of clues and treasures. Switch between two distinct worlds featuring different enemies, obstacles, and threats. Wield early 17th century weaponry including muskets, bows, crossbows, and tomahawks. Upgrade your arsenal by purchasing or finding faster, deadlier, longer-ranged weapons. Charge headlong into battle with guns blazing or pick enemies off quietly. A novel, movement-based stealth system lets you hide in plain sight or use the wind to mask your footsteps. Equip ability-enhancing Charms to complement your play style, granting anything from extra health to faster movement to improved stealth. Play with the default visual style for maximum eeriness and tension or customize the color and contrast settings to suit your tastes. About Blackpowder Games Our ongoing mission is to create first person action experiences that are distinctive, compelling, and memorable regardless of scope or platform. Most of the founders began this quest together over 15 years ago at Monolith Productions and have continued to refine and improve our craft as a team ever since. We expect to continue on this righteous path for centuries to come now that the Singularity is just around the corner.
'Get in, get out, get paid.' PAKO 2 is an arcade driving game where you explore vast cities as a getaway driver, perform robberies with your crew and shoot twin-stick style while escaping the law. Successful getaways reward you money which can be used to buy upgrades, guns, items, new rides and locations. Key Features - Single player drive-by shooting action - Pick up crew members and transport them into destinations - Partial 2-player support: Player2 can shoot while Player1 drives - Handcrafted levels full of detail - Change camera between regular bird's view and third person view - Take screenshots in 'Photo Mode' - Upgradeable cars with skill points - Various guns and special perk items - Survival challenge - Pumping soundtrack by DKSTR - Leaderboards to compete - Achievements
A Metroidvania game, non linear, with a lot of secrets areas to find and explore! The game is based on a surreal world, with a awesome final story! You have the freedom to explore the world, to find all the 328 upgrade hidden items!
Silo27: crashlanded is a third person adventure game focused on exploration with puzzle and combat elements. An interstellar cargo ship, while entering the galaxy, crashlands on a planet that should not have been there. Explore and fight your way through ancient ruins to find the portal that will bring you back on Earth. FEATURES Explore ancient ruins on another planet Collect artefacts Solve puzzles Fight different types of enemies
' All you need is 20 seconds of insane courage and I promise you something great will come of it ' - B. Mee SkydiVeR is the first parachuting simulator specifically made for VR. Collect your parachuting equipment and board the majestic Lockheed C-130 Hercules aircraft. Launch into the sky and literally fly in this graphically stunning 3D environment, driven by a high fidelity physics based system, and land on a cargo ship in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Will you be a skydiVeR? Enjoy this breathtaking experience straight from your home! KR Games As a small independent team, we started in 2016 making games for Android, growing fast and working hard to achieve the best possible video gaming experience, combining our passion and the latest available technologies, winking to the future of digital entertainment.
As Commander Shepard, you lead an elite squad on a heroic, action-packed adventure throughout the galaxy. Discover the imminent danger from an ancient threat and battle the traitorous Saren and his deadly army to save civilization. The fate of all life depends on your actions! 2007 New York Times Game of the Year A Stunning universe with high resolution graphics and textures Controls and interface optimized for PC gamers Customize your character and embark on a pulse-pounding adventure in an immersive open-ended storyline Incredible real-time character interaction Thrilling, tactical combat as you lead an elite squad of three Interplanetary exploration of an epic proportion
THE STORY You can't remember how you got here, or what you were doing. You wander around confused... until a voice pierces the heavens. 'Hey idiot! Wake up!' You rise from your slumber in a daze... where did that voice come from? Then it returns 'Go right you idiot! What are you doing just standing there?' Who the hell is this guys? You're unsure... but you know one thing. He's a major DICK! THE GAME The Narrator is a DICK : Longer, Harder, and Uncut is the remastered version of the 2016 sensation 'The Narrator is a DICK'. The Narrator is back, and he's more of a DICK than ever, but don't worry because now you can take him down with your friends in the all new online co-op mode. If that's not enough, don't worry because new pals are here to help, as you can play as any character in the game! Key Features Comedy Based Unfair 2D Platformer - Inspired by Games Like 'I Wanna Be The Guy' and 'Kaizo Mario'. Fully Voiced - Every Line is Fully Voiced in English. A Cavalcade Of Crazy Characters - Meet Zany and Wild Characters as you Travel. Full Controller Support - Play using Keyboard or Controller. Steam Achievements - An Assortment of Achievements to Unlock. Improved Gameplay - Overall the game just feels better and smoother to play. Multiplayer - Play every level together with your friends in rooms of up to 144 players. Time Trial - Speed runners rejoice as your time played is now tracked in-game, making it easy to decide who is truly the best. Original Soundtrack - A brand new original OST by Kirk Markarian. Improved Graphics - New and Improved Sprites. Infinite Save Slots - Start a New Game Without Losing Progress in Others. Improved UI - Better Looking and More Uniform UI Elements. Subtitles - Subtitles to Improve Accessibility. New SFX - New and Improved Sound Effects. Animations - New and Improved Animations. Details - New and Improved Level Details.
A Collection of Bad Moments is an adventure game where you are thrown into a several different challenging short scenarios through which you must navigate your way out by using your wits! The scenarios vary greatly, from an asteroid mining mission gone astray and simulated reality world to an airship duel. Prospector 9 You are serving as a miner in an asteroid when a comet strikes the planet you orbit. Figure a way out of the rock while managing your oxygen levels by combining water and electrical power cells to synthesize oxygen! Additional discoveries await to be uncovered in this exotic location. Roof Escape You managed to escape with corporate secrets to a SkyCar platform but armed agents who want to do away with you are right outside a door that won't hold much longer. Use the surroundings to your advantage and try to sort yourself out of the soaring heights and deadly enemies! Beyond Green Lane You have laid dormant in hibernation for untold years. Now, you have awoken and find yourself seemingly alone in a strange town within a virtual world. Discover what the mysterious town holds for you, what is its purpose and more importantly, what lies beyond it! Sky Captain You are a captain of an airship, making your way along the clouds on a beautiful day. All is fine until something appears in the horizon! The Vault - FREE DLC Find a way out of a subterranean vault which security system is designed to be manned by two personnel. However, you are on your own to sort out this puzzle! Hidden Scenarios Beyond the five official scenarios, as the player progresses, they might be rewarded with unlockable moments!
EARLY ACCESS In 1968, Emil Barnea and his friends are camping in Hoia Baciu Forest when something strange appears in the sky and then his friends disappear. The adventure begins. Tales From Hoia Baciu is a first-person adventure game free to play. Start an adventure Start an adventure in the famous HOIA BACIU forest in Romania, living paranormal and creepy local stories. The game will contain stories inspired by real ones and fictional stories. Made with unreal engine 4 using free assets only is still a work in progress. Game Features: Story-focused exploration - Explore the dark places of the people that you thought they are good and reveal their dark secrets. Psychological Horror Tags: Indie Horror Adventure Single Player
The Square Key is a representative of the ancient race of square keys that can open all doors and rotate the world around the Square Key. In the game you have to rotate the level and move the hero across the level to solve puzzles. The game takes place in the world of 'Koitia'. In The Square Key, events take place in an alternate universe of the BlackEye and AVA game worlds. Game features: Rotating a level around a square key Jumping and fast travel Collect coins, everyone loves coins Open doors with a square
The Depths of Tolagal is an addictive roguelike dungeon crawler with an emphasis on tactical combat. You are searching for your missing apprentice within the deep, dark dungeons of Tolagal. Did he go there willingly, or was he kidnapped? You don't really care, you just want your damn apprentice back! Features Deep tactical gameplay. Loads of different monsters, each with unique AI. Loads of loot. Procedurally generated levels. Unique abilities tied in to the different weapons available in the game. Action point based combat. Play with or without permadeath - your high scores will only be recorded for permadeath runs though! Story mode - rescue your apprentice from the depths of Tolagal in this semi-structured mode. Infinite mode - get as far as you can in an endless dungeon. Try to beat your high score! Learn more about the dungeon of Tolagal in each run by finding journal entries written by the various inhabitants of Tolagal. Easy to learn but hard to master. Challenging but not unfair.
Never Not Shooting is a 4 player cooperative local multiplayer enemy-hell game inspired by classic arcade style action with a focus on competing for high scores. Join together with up to three other people in this cooperative experience while you try and defend the energy core from an ever mounting wave of enemy forces. Choose between a wide selection of customizable weapons and special abilities as you and your friends create the ultimate team combination for maximum destruction. Be aware that you are fighting a losing battle. For every enemy you kill, 2 more will spawn faster and stronger than before. How long will your team be able to survive? Key Features: Customizable ships Procedurally generated waves of enemies 27 weapon combinations 4 player local cooperative play Enemies that upgrade over time
Episode 1 now FREE! Life is Strange is an award-winning and critically acclaimed episodic adventure game that allows the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future. Follow the story of Max Caulfield, a photography senior who discovers she can rewind time while saving her best friend Chloe Price. The pair soon find themselves investigating the mysterious disappearance of fellow student Rachel Amber, uncovering a dark side to life in Arcadia Bay. Meanwhile, Max must quickly learn that changing the past can sometimes lead to a devastating future. Key Features: A beautifully written modern adventure game. Rewind time to change the course of events. Multiple endings depending on the choices you make. Striking, hand-painted visuals. Distinct, licensed indie soundtrack.
At the farthest edge of the explored universe, the research ship Xanadu slumbers in orbit around a mysterious planet. Her systems remain active but there has been no message from her crew for months. Now a lone operative has been sent to wake the Xanadu and bring her home to Earth. Spirits of Xanadu is an atmospheric exploration game set aboard a deserted starship in an alternate 1980s. It draws inspiration from classic sci-fi films, novels, and games to create an immersive and highly interactive environment, featuring puzzles and FPS elements in the service of a unique and layered plot. Key Features: Discover the truth Get to know the crew and piece together what happened through fully voiced audiologs in addition to various types of documents and e-mails. Three distinct endings Make a decision based on what you have discovered, and decide the fate of the Xanadu. No hand holding You have one primary objective: Return the Xanadu back to Earth. There are no objective markers, you have no map, and the ship has been sabotaged. You begin your mission with only a flashlight and a message from your superiors back on Earth, the rest you'll have to figure out on your own. Hot robot action with first person shooter combat Evade the ship's security system while battling hostile robots. Fully interactive environment Inspired by the immersive environments of games such as Deus Ex and System Shock 2: Open every drawer, use every computer, and read every document you find. More importantly, you can flush every toilet. Optional 'Peaceful' mode Not a fan of violence against robots? Switch to the Peaceful difficulty setting in the options menu to make the robots passive, allowing you to explore the ship, experience the story, and solve puzzles at your own pace.
Character XiaYue WuShuang LuHao
Fallen corporate shogun Lo Wang and his former employer turned nemesis turned sidekick Orochi Zilla embark on an improbable mission to recapture an ancient dragon they unwillingly unleashed from its eternal prison. Armed with a punishing mix of blades and bullets, Lo Wang must traverse uncharted parts of the world to track down the dark beast and push the apocalypse back yet again. All it will take is the mask of a dead god, a dragon's egg, a touch of magic, and enough firepower to hold off the impending cataclysm. Bring a Katana to a Gunfight Conduct a symphony of death with each encounter by mixing overwhelming firepower with devastatingly precise katana strikes as you dash in and around the demonic hordes. Fancy Footwork Flow between nimble movement techniques including air dashes, wall running, double jumps, and the fancy new grappling hook busts your combat and movement options wide open in every battle. Execute Then Annihilate Execute spectacular finishing moves to claim a piece of your conquered foe and unleash its powers back on the horde in a burst of unstoppable fury and powerful magic. Dynamic Combat Arenas Each environment is lined with hazardous structures and devices that can be activated to add another layer of creative choice to the offensive strategy. Neo Feudal Japan Trek across a mythic Asian land infused with the magic and technology of ancient samurai, now overrun by the demonic yokai from Japanese folklore. Funny Business Brace for expertly delivered one-liners from Lo Wang, pointed banter with Zilla, and an intense thrillride of absurd predicaments on the way to turning doomsday into a new day.
Quell Memento is an enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation. The third and most ambitious instalment of the haunting Quell games, Memento takes the concept to an even deeper level with an engrossing array of new game-play elements. Featuring a breath-taking score by acclaimed composer Steven Cravis, a voice-over narration and beautiful visuals, Quell Memento leads you on an enchanting journey of discovery and nostalgia. The beating heart of the game - the puzzles themselves - are once again perfectly balanced to keep the player enthralled, but never frustrated. Like it's two predecessors, Quell Memento is a haunting experience that will stay with you long after you've finished it. Fall in love with Quell Memento...
WHAT IS DINOSAUR HUNT FIRST BLOOD? Dinosaur Hunt First Blood is a sequel to a first Dinosaur Hunt game and is a chaotic first person shooter that confronts heavily armed players with the most horrifying dino-humans. THE SETTING The world in the game is filled with dinosaurs and mutants which joined forces and want to rule our planet. You are one of the few immune to mutation that are not dead yet and you fight with resistance to reclaim the earth. THE PLOT The story starts when humans and dinosaurs had mutated and only few immune are left to defend humanity from extinction FEATURES Variety of dinosaurs and mutants Multiple bosses to defeat with wide arsenal of weapons, ranging from ranged to melee weapons Perk system with super jumps, super speeds and god modes Dinosaur Hunt First Blood will show the world of entertainment from the side you have never seen before
Set within Orlandes City itself, nobles are being systematically murdered by a ruthless assassin no-one seems able to catch. Finding yourself thrust in the middle of a large conspiracy, you must make decisions that may put yourself and one other most precious to you in great danger. Can you locate the Assassin in Orlandes before it is too late? An Assassin in Orlandes is a gamebook where you control the story by deciding what action to take at key points. Use dice to determine your vitality, fitness and luck, then explore the world of Orlandes by battling foes and solving puzzles. This edition includes an updated look to celebrate the release of An Assassin in Orlandes on Steam. Featuring high resolution artwork by Pirkka Harvala and a soundtrack by Adrian Watkins, this interactive story twists and turns taking the reader on an exciting adventure through the land of Orlandes.
You will play the role of Deputy Commander in the 'Unearthing Mars' mission, trying to unravel the secrets hidden in the Phobos Fragment from the Ark Research Center's closed-door study. Through the Ark Device, you will experience a war across outer space and return to the Earth and Mars of ancient times. You will then embark on a journey to discover the secrets of ancient Mars from the perspective of a high-ranking officer. Each of the various fast-paced shooting stages features 6 or more guns to choose from. Special skills can be used at critical moments so that you can shuttle between enemies and take your time aiming at weak points to take out enemy generals. You can take advantage of being practically invincible to get familiar with the rhythms of attack. Remember, in-game bosses will constantly be testing your mastery of weapons and skills.
In My Shadow takes you on an emotional journey through the mind of Bella in pursuit of reconciliation with her past. The game features 4 rooms with a total of more than 50 puzzles to solve. Each room offers a different glimpse into her memories, exploring the changing relationships in her family. The shadows within each level must be manipulated via objects to progress and there is often more than one solution to a challenge. In My Shadow is more than a cleverly designed puzzle platformer; it is a heart-warming story into the mind of a young woman looking for answers to questions in her past. Her childhood memories come to life as shadows on the wall of her house, and you must use those shadows to solve unique puzzles and help Bella try to let go of her past. WHERE THERE'S A SHADOW, THERE'S A WAY The gameplay revolves around a unique core mechanic - the shadows. You can use the shadows however you like. There can be more than one solution to a puzzle. SHADOWS HAVE NO BOUNDARIES The game constantly challenges you with multidimensional mechanics that force you to invent new ways to use shadows. FEATURES Refreshingly clever puzzles that make use of shadows and shapes in ways you never thought were possible. More than 50 levels spread across the walls of four rooms, each with its own set of distinct mechanics. A heart-felt story about Bella's mental apprehensions, narrated through her childhood memories. Melodic music that flows seamlessly throughout the game to let you deeply absorb the emotion. A beautifully colorful representation of Bella's house that reflects the individual personalities of everyone in her family.
CLAD in IRON: Philippines 1898 is a Spanish-American War alternate history naval game in which a turned-based wargame and a real-time strategy are combined. Alternate history is a genre of fiction consisting of stories in which historical events occur differently. These stories contain 'what if' scenarios at crucial points in history and present outcomes other than those in the historical record. Historical Events: The first battle between American and Spanish forces was at Manila Bay where U.S. Navy's Asiatic Squadron defeated a Spanish squadron. The following Dewey's victory, Manila Bay was filled with the eight warships of Germany. The Germans expected the confrontation to end in an American defeat, with the Filipinos revolutionaries capturing Manila and leaving the Philippines ripe for German picking. The main forces of the U.S. Asiatic Squadron, including the mighty cruiser USS Olympia, are forced to guard the Manila Bay from German warships. 'What if' Scenario: The shocking outcome of the Battle of Manila Bay spurred the Spanish government to organize a relief expedition. Warships, troopships and transports arrived from Spain to Iloilo City. Coming new battle between the rising and falling empire! Gameplay Description: Manage your fleet and army, hunt the enemy's fleet, hide your weak squadrons in protected ports until reinforcements arrive, blockade enemy trade routes, amphibious assaults and harbour sieges, struggle for dominance over the seas in turned-based strategic mode - all of these actions are possible in CLAD in IRON: Philippines 1898. The real time tactical battle mode allows you to set up battles and squadron groups with their formations and management using realistic ship models and characteristics as well as advanced ballistics and weapon models. Choose your ships, increase the experience of your crews and send your squadron into the high seas. Command a battle formation and experience the power of iron and steam in a turned-based maritime strategy mode while fighting battles with a tactical real time naval simulation game. Raise anchor and get CLAD in IRON: Philippines 1898 NOW ! ATTENTION! In the game there is no interactive training, only a textual manual.
Arrowborn brings you the fast-paced and visceral action of a multiplayer first-person shooter and combines it with the immersive experience of virtual reality archery. Show your lethal accuracy and clever map tactics as you load your quiver full of deadly magical arrows and lay waste to the competition! Select from an ever-expanding assortment of magical arrows each with their own unique way of wreaking havoc on your opponents and giving you the advantage. Attach a powerful gem to your armor to increase your survivability or boost your mana pool to fit your playstyle! Spec out defensively and utilize your shield to score points by blocking the incoming barrages! No teleporting here. Free roam down hallways, then super leap along cliff sides, and bound over buildings all while putting your arrows on target. Get those big point bonuses for sweet mid air shots! Once you land, feel the true immersion VR brings as you step into cover behind a nearby pillar, wall, or railing. Sling on your quiver and steady your aim to experience the action-shooter genre from a whole new virtual perspective. Use your aiming skills to outshoot and outmaneuver the competition in a variety of game modes! Drop into a Free-For-All for a 10 player shootout, or team up in Team Deathmatch, just like old school shooters. Add Bots to the game and go Players versus Bots in a few rounds of comp stomp. Is the raw action too chaotic for you? Try TopShot mode for an accuracy-focused target shooting competition and climb the leaderboard with your sharpened aim. Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
This is the second episode of Hooligan Vasja's adventures. A regular quiet town alike thousands of others just like it on Earth. Townspeople are polite and courteous. Neighbors know each other. But this idealistic peace lasts only till sunset. At dawn many residents show their true self. Pure evil gets out to terrorize the whole town. Creatures of the night are planning to take over this world. During the day he is a regular hooligan, but this night he has to save his house. He is strong and agile and his slingshot is his weapon of choice. He is Batma.., ehem, Vasja! Dressed up in a new costume and armed with his trusty weapon, he heads out to meet the forces of evil to save his town. He will encounter Witches, Vampires, Skeletons, Zombies, Grim Reapers along his way. In the end he will have to face the evil itself, the Devil Clown. Be prepared to overcome all the obstacles on your way to the goal. Do you have what it takes to be in the top position on leaderboard?
Ancient Guardian - action adventure in procedurally-generated locations. You play as father, who have to find his lost daughter, avoiding meeting dangerous enemies, bypassing traps and solving puzzles. The game takes place in our days. While walking around the ancient city of Heraklion, the daughter of the protagonist escapes, and the troubled father goes to search her. Procedurally-generated locations Each of your sessions will be unique for each level: - In the first act of the player awaits the treacherous labyrinth of the Minotaur. Each time a random level is generated with different corridors, passages and paths. In a random order, traps and key points are added. - In the second act, an island with statues of Greek gods will appear before you. Performing their tests, you will receive powerful artifacts for the battle with Medusa. The key elements of the level are also randomly placed at each run. Myths and legends The basis of our game lay real myths and legends around the world. For example, in the first and second locations, we used the myths of Ancient Greece, only slightly changing them under the plot of our game. A variety of monsters and items At each level you are waiting for different, unlike each other monsters and objects. Minotaur, skeletons, gun, key and a lot more! Leaderboards Once you complete the story, you will have the opportunity to compete with other players in endless mode on highscore or on time in the story mode.
Year 1442, Unified Calendar The world has been plunged into a devastating state of chaos, as two mighty powers wage war for supremacy. The Vollcross Empire, a brutal fascist regime, has launched a surprise invasion of the Kazanov Union, intent on eradicating the perceived communist threat. In the early days of the war, the Empire's forces were unstoppable, crushing opposition with ruthless efficiency. But as the Union mobilized its vast population and fought back, the Empire's supply lines began to falter, and the once certain victory began to slip away. The fate of the war now rests on Khaligrad, a key city that holds the precious oil fields both sides desperately need. The Union forces have dug in and are putting up fierce resistance, turning the battle into a brutal and prolonged conflict. Welcome to a place where war is the only truth, where victory is the only option. Welcome to the front, officer. Choose your side Khaligrad offers you 2 challenging campaigns. Will you fight for the Empire, a formidable invader with limited supplies and distant support? Or will you stand with the Union, the motherland boasting vast armies but struggling with inferior equipment? Face the Men... Whether it's securing a strategic point, defending an ammunition stockpile or simply eradicating the enemy, every mission in the campaign involves combat. You will lead several squads of soldiers of various quality and morale in a turn-based tactical battle. Ambush your opponents and use the terrain to your advantage to ensure victory. Urban guerrilla warfare is no easy playground. ... and the War In Khaligrad, the greatest adversary is not the enemy, but the harshness of war itself. Between missions, you'll need to care for your wounded, feed, heat and equip your men. But resources are scarce and winter is getting steadily harsher. Difficult choices lie ahead. Tell your own story Depending on your successes and failures during the campaign, your story evolves and takes different directions. The missions entrusted to you by your HQ evolve accordingly. Will you become a so-called hero who always manages to repel the enemy despite numbers? Or will you end up in front of a firing squad for incompetence?
Beautiful, nature-based escapes powered by your imagination or with a premium subscription, you can power Healium with an optional EEG neurofeedback headband. Passively watch the experiences or actively train with your own brain patterns with an EEG headband using your feelings of focused calm. No headband? No problem. Passively watch the experiences immerse you. A premium subscription unlocks additional content. Float through a crystal forest, feel a healing rain wash over you, or sit quietly in a field of sunflowers. Virtually travel to Maui, listen to the rustle of a bamboo forest and the ocean waves lapping at your feet. Experience different colors of healing, trace a mandalynth, or glide through a breath-taking fractal. Use your imagined feelings of focused calm to make the flurries fly inside a magic snow globe. Sit quietly inside a zen garden. Grow leaves on a 150-year-old Burr Oak tree with your memories of being still. Healium is a walk in the park for those times when you can't physically take a walk in the park. In four peer-reviewed journals, Healium has been shown to improve mood in as little as four minutes. Healium is not diagnostic and as a self-awareness tool, it is not a replacement for professional counseling. With a premium subscription, connect an optional EEG meditation headband to make a firefly rise and fall with your feelings. Healium is a reminder that our thoughts have power to control things not only in the virtual world but the real world as well.
You thought it would be fun to break into a nearby museum and root through the artifacts stored there. Little did you know that a dusty chest in the basement imprisoned the evil CHOP GOBLINS . Now they're loose, wrecking bladed havok on the world once again. It's up to you to chase them through the city and across space and time, in a bespoke FPS campaign spanning the modern day, 1800's Transylvania, ancient Greece, and the not too distant future. And you can finish it in about 30 minutes! Chop Goblins is a 'microshooter': An FPS designed to be completed in a single sitting, without sacrificing depth, variety, or creativity in its gameplay and level design. It's a game you can play for less than an hour, or replay for many hours. Need something to distract you from work, boredom, or grinding in other games? Take a Chop Goblins Break, with a fun and satisfying FPS campaign that only takes one sitting to fully experience. FEATURES A short but densely packed campaign, designed to be all killer and no filler 5 levels set in different time periods 5 satisfying and unique weapons, from an antique flintlock to the Mk. II Impaler 'Vlad' automatic stake gun An assortment of different enemies and minibosses Leaderboards, achievements, and secrets, for those seeking replayability
Pester was released on Xbox live indies back in early 2013 and was Flump Studios first game developed for public release. A remake of one of my early C64 games, Pester is a very fast paced and busy vertical shooter. Graphically remastered with new sprite work from Dylan Barry and a thumping soundtrack from Matt Macfarland. Intense old school action Tate support Customisable play options, over 100 combinations of play Remastered sprite work from Dylan Barry Thumping soundtrack from Matt Macfarland
From Julian Gollop, the designer of the original, award-winning XCOM game comes Chaos Reborn - a turn-based wizard combat game with single player Realm Quests and many online options. Between 2 and 6 players can challenge each other to magical duels in a variety of arenas using a spell deck of interesting spells and creatures - including the Gooey Blob, Shadow Wood, and more. There is a monthly league system and several game modes with live or asynchronous battles. You can explore the Realms of Chaos fighting Wizard Lords and Kings, and invite players to join you in co-op battles, or act as an invader in someone else's realm. These Realms can be designed by player Wizard Kings and rated by other players.
After many years of battles, a group of vikings decided it was time to conquer new lands. With the protection of the god Njord, a new clan specialized in navigation sets off in search of glory! Dolmenjord is a game inspired by Norse mythology, where Vikings need help to organize their buildings and villages and thus solve the puzzles and dominate new lands. Set up each village according to the rules: Place all the available houses and walkway pieces. Every house must face the walkway. The completed walkway must give access to the port. Relaxing atmosphere and effects typical of Nordic culture. Great for Nordic culture fans who just want to take it easy. 60 levels made for your fun and brain stimulation. 04 different climates. The puzzles are simple in the early islands, but it gets challenging as you advance in the exploration. If you prefer a more relaxing journey, that's fine! Whenever you want, you can enable the Casual Mode in the Options Menu. A tip button will be available. When clicked, it shows a suggested shape for the walkway. Add to your wishlist and follow the game!
Team Racing League Team Racing League is all about racing and teamwork. In a 3 on 3 E-Sports arena setting, you or one of your teammates needs to cross the finish before anyone on the opposing team does. Only one player needs to race; the others can support the racer by hindering the opponents. You can set up roadblocks, bump and boost your rivals off cliffs, roast with your afterburner or pick up cubes and drop them in strategic spots. You can even connect your car to a teammate's car and unlock dual powers. Work together and beat the opposing team! Features: Participate in competitive online team racing with up to 6 players. Race on 12 unique tracks in a Forest, Mountain, Snow and Desert setting. High quality car handling, controls and racing physics, for both keyboard and controller. Unique team-based racing mechanics on top-down view tracks for full strategic overview. Assume multiple roles: race, support or troll. Use disruptive abilities like roasting, anchor mode and movable force fields. Connect with a teammate and activate unique dual player mechanics. Create a clan with your friends and climb the leaderboards together. Time Trial: Online rankings and ghost mode. Practice all tracks! Couch co-op with in local multiplayer race for up to 6 players. Predict the winning team and vote for MVP in Twitch mode. The game is regularly updated with more features and content! Team Racing League is all about teamwork and racing skills. It aims to be a pure racer, without artificial equalizing mechanics. During the race, the entire track and all racers are visible in a top-down view, giving both players and spectators an excellent overview. Team up with friends and beat your opponents together in exciting online multiplayer matches!
Set in a dark and mysterious cyberpunk world, you are in charge of the futuristic food factory known as Neon Noodles. Inspired by the open-ended machine-building puzzle games of Zachtronics such as Opus Magnum and Infinifactory, you design and build your own fully automated kitchen to prepare meals using robot chefs. Guacamole, bibimbap, ramen, spaetzle, paella and many more recipes are waiting for you to be optimized. Features Automate your robot chefs through an intuitive record-and-replay system where you control the robot that creates the program, then edit it later if needed. Customize your cooking loops to be as simple, elaborate or streamlined as you want and compare your wits with other players around the world on the global leaderboards. Solve endlessly replayable open-ended puzzles with over 100 recipes from around the world consisting of 200 unique ingredients. Travel the world and master the art of cooking through technological advancement in a cyberpunk setting with plenty of brainwrecking levels.
A casual bike skills game full of action and real physics dynamics. Motorbike comes with 100 original tracks, thousands of online tracks and a track editor to create your own tracks and share with other players. Additionally, you can play Motorbike online against other players. Select from different riders, bikes and landscapes. You will find Motorbike easy to play but hard to master.
Newton is a docile and very friendly cat. He lives in a simple house, but full of things he likes to do. Every day his owners go out to work and he takes the opportunity to have fun with what he has in the house. When they arrive it's also just fun and joy. All these moments were recorded and drawn in animated pixel arts. Now it's your turn to put together all the pieces of the puzzle to find out what Newton likes to do in his daily life, do you accept the challenge? A Jigsaw Puzzle made with pixel art animated GIFs Puzzle and cats: A cute and pleasant experience Assemble the puzzles and find out what Kitten likes to do in his daily life 5 images with 5 levels of difficulty each Original music and effects Zoom system to improve the visualization of the parts Auto-save your progress so you don't lose what you were riding
Master the 'Gravity Shifter' mechanic as you change the direction of your gravitational pull to walk and slide on ceilings or walls. Be wary, gravitational control isn't exclusive to you and your friends... Enemies can bring the fight to you, no matter where you are! Grab up to three friends and play either online via 'Steam Share Play' or locally with couch co-op. Enjoy a narrative co-op campaign or take each other on in 'versus' or 'survival' modes! Unravel the story of a synthetic uprising either solo or with up to three other friends. After years of peace between the robotic race 'Synthetics' and humans, unusual activity amongst the synthetic community keeps occurring. Take the role as one of the Gravity Heroes, as you explore the mysterious reasons behind this latest revolt. However, the robotic hordes aren't as willing to sit down and talk, and even worse, some of them are colossal, screen-filling bosses! Will you be able to the challenge?! A gorgeous eye-popping pixel art aesthetic backed by an electrifying soundtrack oozes a stylistic 90s era vibe. With music composed by Barry Leitch, the creator Top Gear's main theme song!
ASCENXION is a 2D shoot 'em up game where you explore the field to progress. We've borrowed elements of Metroidvania style games, in which you unlock new areas with skills and items that you obtain through exploration. Players must overcome puzzles, traps, elite units, boss fights, and other various obstacles while navigating the field. Grow stronger through rewards earned, to uncover the truth of this world.  Synopsis One day, humanity became extinct due to an enormous explosion. Not a single entity was left to pass on the reason behind the extinction, nor to remember those who had disappeared. After what seemed an eternity, you have awoken in the midst of traces of a past human civilization. As you wander aimlessly, you encounter various records left behind by humans and beings who assist you. Will you be able to uncover the secret of this world and face the truth?  Features Fast-tempo battles with added strategical elements ASCENXION is an action shoot 'em up game, but in order to give the player a combat experience that differs from bullet hell games, we decided to make choices and concentration key gameplay points, instead of simply avoiding enemy bullets and attacking all over the place. There are a variety of strategic elements such as terrain cover, reduced movement speed during basic attacks, and mutual sharing of resources consumed by attack and evasion skills. Also, players must use basic attacks, skills, and items' active effects to defeat enemies. Get items through exploration Players can explore unknown lands to acquire dozens of distinctive items. Items are divided into 'rune stones', which combine weapons and use effects, and general items which provide basic lasting effects and experience bonuses. Elements of Development Important concepts in ASCENXION are 'unleashing potential' and 'skills'. Each aircraft type has four skills, and from the second skill, they will be unlocked upon defeating boss monsters that you encounter during the game. Skills You can only select one of two skills for each stage, but you can change your choice at any time. You need smarts and a good gamer mind to change your skills according to the situation, whether it be the terrain or enemy type! Unleashing Potential ASCENXION has a main character with some great power sealed inside. Of course, this great power can be unleashed. By completing an event that you will inevitably encounter during the game, you can unleash this power, and when this power is unleashed, modifications are made to its skills and overall stats that suit an aircraft of such great power. Each unleashed aircraft has a different play style, so choose the one you like, and keep leveling it up!
NightmareZ is a side-scrolling platform action game with multiple enemies, lots of fancy features and retro visuals. This is a retro styled platform and action game which will immerse you in a unique world full of good and evil demons and there are also different scenarios to pass through including Mountain cave, The Land of Flora, The Land of the Hell, The Core of the Hell, The land of Snow, The Dark City and The Cave of The Hell with deadly traps, formidable enemies, power ups, and secrets. Warning: This game is hard and challenging! If you are into this genre and love challenges, you can try out this game. STORY Who could ever think the Doom's day to arrive so early? The world has been completely consumed by the Darkness. The zombies and evil spirits manifested to rule over the world. The fate is displaying the NIGHTMARE of being consumed by the darkness spontaneously. In this catastrophic situation, a speck of light of HOPE appears. The person who has been lured to the battle field by the king of the darkness, is not a human being but a demon with unusual demonic power. He wants to fight against the evil forces. He had lost his family 5 years ago due to the sudden attack of evil spirits. He is now guided by a saint who provides him instructions from time to time. He is the son of the greatest warrior, Zaxina. He is Razor. There is a deep mystery behind the demonic powers of Razor, which his brother knows. Razor had never seen his brother from birth and hopes to meet him someday. His current aim is to seize and annihilate the evil demonic forces! At last, he would be able to rescue his brother but will he be able to rescue his father? Why can't he use his true demonic energy against the evil demons? Will his brother disclose the secret behind his true demonic power? KEY FEATURES Completely story Driven! 13 Scenarios to Play! Challenging Situations and Hard to Master! Find out keys to unlock and open special locked doors! Wide range of equipment including Ammo, Health, and Energy Boxes! Perform two powerful techniques like 'The Multiple Shooting Skill' and 'The Thunder Skill' along with single firing mode to destroy weak and formidable Enemies or Bosses! 4 unique and powerful bosses! Avoid Saws, Giant and Medium-Sized Blades. Otherwise, die for about a MILLION TIMES! Are you ready to start a journey in the world of darkness or perhaps ready to die for about million times? Let's begin!
An intense, arcade-style, shooter in which you must master a vast array of ridiculous weaponry in order to defeat a race of evil aliens who are intent on abducting innocent civilians and turning them into mutants. Jetboard Joust blends the spirit and intensity of 1980s arcade coin-op SMHUPs with the replayability and tactical elements of hardcore modern roguelikes. Don't expect a story. Do expect frantic, fluid, fast-paced 60fps action, big guns, and explosions! The Jetboard : Leap from your jetboard like a boss to gain temporary invincibility and smash your enemies to smithereens. Destroy pretty much everything in your path. You rock. The Enemies : Over fifty different enemies to outwit. Be prepared for them to come at you with all the game's weapons plus their own special attacks. Watch out for a few tributes to classic arcade games of the past too... The Weapons : From the conventional to the ridiculous! Jetboard Joust offers over thirty powerful weapons, each with its own distinct advantages and upgrade path, to aid you on your mission and leave a path of total destruction in your wake. Get up close and dish out massive damage with the shotgun, wreak havoc with the cluster bomb, fry enemies to a crisp with the flame tornado or shock them into submission with the lightning bolt. You'll get a different selection of weapons with each playthrough and you'll need to master them all! The Bosses : Defeat huge bosses in a series of grueling multi-stage battles and then steal their attacks for your own use. Rendered in exquisite pixel-art detail, these guys will test your weapon-handling and evasive maneuvering to their limits. The Planets : Choose your own path through a multitude of battlegrounds across the surface of five different planets. Discover hidden treasure, upgrades and awesome new weapons. Adapt your route based on your playstyle, the weapons you unlock and the treasure you discover. Plunder cash from fallen enemies and use it to pimp up your jetboard, jetsuit and max out your weapons for a formidable arsenal. Are you up to the challenge?
Features your choices affect the story relaxed turn-based combat train your character in strength, toughness, or dexterity to unlock special moves explore the province of Owari at your own pace meet the people of medieval Japan and hear their stories discover all possible endings Story A novice ninja gets sent away from home to spy on one of the most powerful warlords of Feudal Japan - Oda Nobunaga. Soon enough, Ryuuei comes to realize that he is but a pawn in a malicious conspiracy. Will you stay loyal to your spy masters or will you become a true samurai?
Get ready to go on the adventure of a Lifetime The Last Train is a Survival Adventure Game where you take the role of one of the last surviving train pilot in a post world War 2 America. The game is set in Alternate History, post the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings. In this emotional journey, the story explores how war affects ordinary citizens who want to go about their day to day lives, not just the brave soldiers who fight on the front lines. As a train pilot you are tasked to go around the country to help as many people as you can. Will you help the remaining survivors reach their families, help the terminally ill or will you be greedy and make the most out of the dire situation by hoarding all the supplies you get from them? All the decisions that you take will shape the story and affect the world around you. Team Smash Game Studios would like to thank each and every one of our supporters on Indiegogo who put their faith in us and believed we could deliver this game. We sincerely hope that you enjoy playing the game as much as we enjoyed making it. Feature List Unique Survival Adventure Gameplay Engaging storyline that is tailor-made for you based on your decisions Explore over 20 different cities in the United States Deep Crafting, Cooking and Train upgrading systems Highly Interactive Scavenging Gameplay Over 150 unique characters with their own backstories and rewards Features a Grim and Dark Art style Over 15 Cutscenes to immerse you into the gameworld we've created 2 Game Modes to play through: a Story Mode and a Sandbox Mode Original Soundtrack by Fat Cat Productions Male and Female Voice Over narration Compete with your friends on the Sandbox Mode Leaderboard Steam Achievements and Leaderboards How to Play Start the game by choosing which survivor to take on board Plan your trip strategically to make sure you have sufficient fuel Travel through all the states and take survivors to their destinations Explore and Scavenge each city Usethe scavenged items to craft and cook new items and recipes Our team is working hard to port the game to linux as well. It will be launching very soon.
A role-playing game featuring musical themes with an affinity for the sick and ridiculous. The story revolves around a deadly battle of the bands contest, where entrants can attack and be attacked with music. FEATURES: Customise the band with 9 musically-themed classes to choose from, each with their own attacks, perks and sensational appearance. Kick down every single door you come across, regardless of how unlocked they might be. Some doors will be too strong to kick down. That's why you gotta kick down weaker doors to level up your door kicking skill until you're strong enough. Fancy combat system that focuses on BAR EFFECTS. What happens BETWEEN turns makes all the difference, bringing real-time elements into the turn-based combat. Sew patches of band logos onto your BATTLE JACKET for extra perks in BATTLE. No Random Encounters! Monsters will be shown on the field for your avoiding leisure. Original soundtrack that'll make you say things like SIIICK and OH RIGHT ON. Bursting at the seams with humour, absurdity and a wide variety of colourful characters, armed with an abundance of dialogue faces to express themselves TO THE MAX. A rich world packed with well over 100 unique NPCs. Even the ITEMS have personality. Say bye bye to the generic 'HEALTH POTION'. Local NPC Barry Friendly is taking care of the soothing beverages around here. Sink into a warm cup of BARRY FRIENDLY'S TEA whenever your health is low. Maybe you'll even have the pleasure of meeting Barry at some point. One of the enemies you fight is a skateboarding platypus.
A labyrinth fades into view; a space you control but that holds you. Completely lost with nowhere else you could be. Standpoint is a first-person puzzle platformer where the player possesses the ability to change the orientation of the world. Explore the labyrinth-like environment, solving puzzles and collecting secrets, in order to overcome the stages of Grief. And ask yourself, do the narrator's cryptic clues to the world hide some deeper sentiment? With every wall potentially the floor, take advantage of the variety of ways to approach obstacles. Turn a perilous corridor of lasers into a simple pit. Break through barriers as you drift through the tunnels. Even use death to your advantage. When up can become down at any moment, will you fly or fall? Key Features: Explore physical manifestations of the stages of grief, as your environment changes to reflect the emotions Ponder puzzles which need a whole new way of thinking Experience the dynamic soundtrack as it reacts to your movements Take advantage of game elements to conquer the time-trial Leaderboards.
'Viktor, a Steampunk Adventure' is a beautiful 2D point and click adventure game set in a cartoonish steampunk world. The story follows Viktor, a wild boar who tries to cope with the loss of his job by going on a quest to become a new Emperor of Austria-Hungary. Enjoy many hours of fun gameplay with a dozen minigames, from puzzles to fight sequences to race games. Viktor's crazy journey takes him through beautifully drawn and animated steampunk locations all over Austria-Hungary where he solves problems and causes new ones. Engaging and fun - providing around 4-5 hours of rich gameplay experience Point and click puzzles - Relax and explore Viktor's world by interacting with objects and people. Multiple ways to solve - There are many puzzles in this game that can be solved in a different out-of-the-box way of thinking. Makes for great replayability! Occasional fun mini-game - Just to test your reflexes, Viktor will sometimes get involved in a short and silly action or puzzle sequence. The silliest psychological drama you will ever play - Viktor has anger issues and unrealistic expectations. Luckily, he lives in a cartoon world where he can accomplish anything or, at least, learn from his mistakes. Historical locations - Visit and cause havoc in many historically important places like Vienna, Krakow, Prague, Budapest, Dante's Inferno, and a few more. Many important people of the last century - Apart from some silly characters, Viktor will encounter many famous figures, such as Franz Kafka, H.G. Wells, Nikola Tesla, Lake Kubilius, Dr. Jekyll and many, many more. Collect the soundtrack - All over the country, Viktor can find parts of the game's soundtrack. Play your favorite music on any location, if you're vigilant enough to find the gramophone record
So who is haunting the schoolhouse, taking the toys and practically scaring the scales off all the guppies? Good thing super-sleuths Freddi Fish and Luther are on the case. Their plan: build a trap to capture and expose the phony ghost. To reach their goal the two friends need your child's help to find a few things-and the list of items changes every time they play. Kids will dive right in to direct this undersea mystery filled with old friends, new faces and a festive sing-along soundtrack. Like the real world, Freddi Fish's world changes every time you play. Search through fascinating places like a submarine, a ship or Atlantis. Out of time? You can save the game and finish it later. Take breaks with Freddi Fish: play games like Crab Invaders, solve puzzles, draw pictures or just sing songs. This product uses ScummVM across Windows, Mac and Linux which is released under the GNU GPL v2. For more information, please visit - The GNU GPL can be viewed here - -2.0.html
In the years between the World Wars, Agent BloodRayne works as a killing machine for The Brimstone Society--a top secret fraternity that hunts down and destroys supernatural threats. Two missions, five years apart, turn out to be connected by one man. For years, this man has been searching the world for powerful occult relics to bring Germany into a new age of domination. Rayne must face his elite Nazi army and prevent them from releasing horrific creatures in their quest for the artifacts. Starring the super-sexy, super-lethal, supernatural heroine BloodRayne, this original action horror game unleashed the red headed dhampir on the world.
Float Gallery is a new kind of exhibition space for contemporary art which focuses on digital instead of physical spaces. We believe them to be real in the same way.
'In 1956, a nine years old child died in the psychiatric hospital of Santa Benedetta Martire. Her name was Allison. While alive, Allison wrote a personal diary, which is said to contain the truth about her past and the creepy life at the hospital. The diary was never found. A few years later, the hospital was shut down, and became a terrifying, god-forsaken place. You are Guglielmo Carter, a dauntless reporter interested in finding Allison's diary and revealing its hidden secrets.' Taken from real facts, 'The Hospital: Allison's Diary' is a new horror virtual reality experience, putting the user alone in an abandoned hospital searching for the unknown with only the help of a single torch. You will face true fear in a way you had never thought possible. The whole environment is free to be visited, while jump scares and cinematic effects will literally make you forget about the real world surrounding you. KR Games As a small independent team, we started in 2016 making games for Android, growing fast and working hard to achieve the best possible video gaming experience, combining our passion and the latest available technologies, winking to the future of digital entertainment.
Draft your favorite characters from story and myth in this 8 player card battler! Over 40 different heroes to command. Will you side with the evil vampire, Snow Wight? Or team up with the good Princess Peep and her battle hardened sheep? Deep strategy meets enchanting fun in Storybook Brawl! CRAZY COMBOS! Draft characters to your party, combining abilities, effects and combos to deal the greatest damage. TONS OF HEROES! Choose from 40 different heroes with fun and unique powers to lead your battle. RARE TREASURES! Match 3 characters or complete a quest to create a supercharged version and earn a treasure. Weekly 100 PLAYER EVENTS! We run weekly 100 player events with increased prize pools.
It's a simple concept, get the DVD to the corner of the screen. The feeling of joy once you get it there is what makes this game so fun and addicting. Bouncing DVD: The Game is based on a bygone tech where you put silver circles into a plastic box and you could watch movies! This system was brilliant and even more so of the discovery of a feature when the logo on the idle screen, would ... one in a blue moon, hit the corner of the screen. Thousands or flip phone recordings show the moment when this very event happens. Blah blah blah, that time is over ... UNTIL TODAY You probably know what we're talking about, the old-fashioned disk screensaver that NEVER comes in the corner! Fortunately, a new era has arrived, an era in which this is all possible. The player can control the direction of the disk using the 'A' and 'D' buttons. Try to get the logo in the corner as quickly as possible and hit the top of the leaderboard! Because of the limited controls it takes real skill and even a bit of luck. This game is a free to play time-waster. Enjoy it, loathe it and uninstall it. That's what we did!
Grab your trusty sword, strap on a fearsome helmet, and plunge into the chaotic fray of Viking Squad! As a member of this ragtag group you must put a stop to the wildly mischievous Loki and reopen the gates to Valhalla. Work together to unleash massive attacks on foes and expand your arsenal in this three player co-op brawler. Key features Local and Online Co-op. Find new weapons and gear to level up each character. Each playable character has their own signature weapon changing the way they approach combat. Lane based brawling with precise and intense combat system. The Gods guide your voyage: By worshipping each god new opportunities and perils are unveiled. Striking hand-drawn 2d art style, courtesy of Jesse 'The Drawbarian' Turner. Sound by Power Up Audio, Music by A Shell In The Pit.
Help, there's an emergency in Gizmo Land! An unknown device has crashed into Kurt the Mechanic's garage. After sharing the alarming news with his friends, the trio decides to look into the incident.A search of the crash site reveals a coded message from a distant planet. Can you help shed some light on this mystery? Gorgeous nonogram puzzles up to 30 x 30 grids! Perplexing jigsaw mini-games! Amazing art and breathtaking storyline! Beautiful steampunk music and sound effects! Shiny rewards for extra quests! Professional actors voice acting!
You control one or several pieces of cloth that curl and twist as you fly them through the room. You can use these to cover things and by doing so, make those things disappear. With this power you solves puzzles and progress through the 13 unique hand crafter rooms. The entire journey will take you about 2 hours of play time. Unique minimalist atmosphere and color scheme Visually inspired by Central European functionalism Interactive music mixed in realtime for every room Special sound effects emerging from the music itself With every room, you will get a piece of the story about a magician, his faithful friend rabbit and the unpredictability of magic trick. There are over 40 achievements in the game for you to find and complete.
About the game The world is crumbling and the dead are roaming, but a glimmer of hope remains. A safe place where humanity can start over, protected from the hell this world has become. This is your destination. Along the way you'll meet allies, defeat foes and battle through the infected. Manage your resources and make the tough decisions necessary to ensure the survival of your group. In this march for salvation, your choices matter. Genre March of the Living is a survival roguelike-like inspired by FTL and popular zombie fiction. Features Manage a group of up to 6 survivors Define your journey through over 160 unique events A new procedurally generated game world on each play-through Real time combat with the possibility to pause at any time Over 80,000 words of quality writing Trade for the supplies you need Scavenge for goods in cities Four starting characters to unlock Adaptive music for an immersive experience
This is a classic Chinese fantasy 2D action game, based on Chinese history, mythology with a dash of surrealism in the mix. Story background At the beginning of the Warring States Period, Tian, an officer under Duke Kang of Qi, set a trap that killed the Duke, exiled Ji, the younger princess, and put Shu, the elder princess, under house arrest. This event established the Tian family as the ruler of Qi. Ji tried to seek justice, but failed repeatedly. During her journey, she encountered ancient deities like Hou Yi and Jingwei, who helped her obtain the powers of Soul Slivers, and eventually returned to the Palace to finish what she started. As the dust settled, Ji realized this was the beginning of a new world... Features - Unique art style with mysterious Chinese elements. - Fluid combat experience and style that's easy to learn but difficult to master. - The Soul Sliver system adds depth and changes the pace, making combat more exciting.
WARNING!! A HUGE TANK BATTLE IN NEW PANGEA! Making deliveries is never an easy job. But throw in huge and unique destructive tanks you have to battle into the mix? That's life as a new courier for Finneas Fat Cat XV, one of the top tycoons in New Pangea! Luckily, you'll have a mammoth sized tank of your own when you go out on deliveries. Connect conveyor belts and blast enemy tanks with ammo you craft in the heat of battle. Fund new ammo and gizmos to take down even the most terrifying of tanks! Collect different parts from the tanks you defeat, and you'll be able use those tanks too! Do you have what it takes to become Finneas Fat Cat's top fixer? And spread his name and wealth even wider? Finneas is counting on you, old bean! Features Go into battle alone, or bring up to 3 friends for 4-player co-op action through local multiplayer or Remote Play Together! Featuring a humorous story written by Patrick Baker of Regular Show fame. Take on over 100 missions where no two playthroughs will ever be the same. Crush the competition with over 70 unlockable tanks loaded with different ammunition and abilities.
Shadowlings - is a slaughter to heavy metal in decorations of Medieval Japan. After your Ninja clan helped The Great Shogan to seize power in the kingdom, he turned against you and destroyed your brothers. But you survived - and now vengeful Shadowling goes after Shogan, leaving blood trail behind him. Let the swords sing and ring, let the arrows and shurikens whistle, and let Shogan tremble in fear looking at the shadows darkening around him. Shadows of your brothers who he's treacherously killed, and a shadow of an avenger who will hide the sun above his head forever. Key features: Hardcore battles, in which everything depends on your skill, not parameters of your character. True dance with the death! Role system. Master and use ancient ninjas' martial arts - from increasing your survivability to reflecting arrows. Ninja's arsenal. Purchase and find in treasures best weapons and armor, become even deadlier. Use kunai, shurikens and mysterious ninjas' elixirs Devour souls of killed enemies and use them to cast Shadow Magic. Teleport, become invisible, hypnotize enemies. Explosive soundtrack. Energetic heavy metal with Eastern motives that slams in unison with ring of your sword and rumble of falling bodies. Characters style inspired by Japanese traditional doll Daruma.
Doctor Ian Smith, a lieutenant in the HMS Justice , has the bad luck of meeting a pirate ship on his last journey before leaving the Royal Navy. When he learns the name of his captor, a certain Captain 'Bloody Henry' Plank, his luck takes a turn for the worse... or maybe not. Jolly Roger is a BL romance in a pirate setting, around 5k words long. Rating: SFW. -Character art: Aielia Poot -Backgrounds: Minikle -Project managing, Writing, and Spanish translation: Ertal
Cults and Daggers is a strategy game set in the Hellenistic era between the death of the Buddha and the birth of Christ. You create your own religion and fight a secret war for the soul of the world. With your disciples you spread your faith throughout the Mediterranean world by preaching to the people and converting noble families. You and the other cults are the hidden powers behind history, you secretly manipulate the rise and fall of great city states to further your ambitions. But the Old Gods are also stirring, taking advantage of the time between Buddha and Christ to try and destroy the world they can no longer rule. You must stop them by sending your disciples to their places of power and defeating their evil. A sprawling, deep and complex game which covers over 400 years of history, spies, assassinations, double dealing, occult forces , martyrs , prophets and blasphemers. Write your own myths. Single player against the AI or upto 4 player Multiplayer. Cults and Daggers. Faith, Hope and Conspiracy. Turn based Strategy over 400 years of history. Create and customise your own Faith Procedurally generated technology tree and adventure system In depth modelled spying system allows for deep subterfuge Complete ambient music Album 'Cults and Daggers' included Single player. Hotseat multiplayer
999 Lives, 999 Stars, 999 Levels - Get ready for a challenge! 999 is a puzzle platformer style game in which you must fling your character to the exit through 999 difficult levels that will push your platforming skills to their limit. Throw your character around gruelingly addictive, funky, psychedelic, colourful and thrillingly rage inducing levels and get as far as you can - you may think that 999 lives is generous, but prepare to be surprised and, most of all, prepare for a challenge! Features 999 Levels 9 Game Modes Global Leader-boards and over 125 achievements Mouse based game-play Extreme challenge and difficulty Variety of extras and mini-games to unlock Streamers HUD, optimised for live streaming
in Space is a retro-inspired sidescrolling shooter that values precision and strategy over reflex or memorization. It's a round based, procedurally generated hybrid, combining its core shooter elements with score multipliers and colour puzzle mechanics. As you progress you unlock new ships with drastically different abilities, including the capacity to snipe, manipulate time, control enemy positions, become invincible or simply fling a beam of destruction across the screen. Advance through the games different modes that each put a very different spin on the core gameplay, and as you improve graduate to new and terrifying levels of difficulty.
Now with Chapter 1 and 2! Prepare for a story-driven campaign within the Sentinel Comics universe as you join forces with an ever-growing team of heroes to face a wide variety of villains. What seems like a typical bank heist reveals itself to be just the beginning of a much more sinister plan! Create your hero, gather your team, and save the world in this exciting new turn-based strategy! Build your Team - select from the many available heroes and unlock more throughout Full story campaign - writers and creators from Sentinel Comics Freeform movement - Turn Based game that allows you to move anywhere Squad dynamics - heroes or villains can work together for more powerful actions Living Environments - multiple objectives, interactions and dangers Create your Hero - choose backstory, archetype, powers, and appearance What kind of hero will you be? Custom Heroes Choose the character's backstory, personality, power source, abilities and costume. Heroes have 'stances' that provide boosts to certain stats like extra movement along with powerful sets of abilities and can be fully customized to fit your play style. Build your hero from 12 exciting themes - fill your stances with powerful abilities from any three: Power Melee - When you really want to hit someone really hard. Combos - Concentrate your attacks, spread 'em out, or bring a friend! Supportive - Whether protecting or attacking, the right move requires no planning. Blaster - Attack as many as you can in several different areas! Interceptor - Never let an enemy out of your sights and punish wrong moves. Minions - Disposable and endless, have your own minions fight for you! Gadgets - Deploy an arsenal of gadgets that eliminate all who oppose you. And more! Creating a superhero identity is more than a costume selection! Choose how your hero uses their abilities, different weapons, attack styles, and special effects; some themes even have different types of units that you can summon. Refine your heroic identity throughout the game - changing everything about how your hero looks, all the way down to your hero's body type, between any mission. Sync and Vigilance Actions Sync and Vigilance actions add life to the battlefield when characters perform additional actions out of sequence, triggered by special conditions. When a character performs an action, sync actions allow other characters to take part or enhance that action, like a character creating a distraction to remove the target's Evade defense before an attack lands. Positioning your team to take advantage of these extra actions can be critical to the success of a mission. Vigilance allows an inactive character to react to the active character based on various triggers, such as moving through their line of sight. Each character has a 'vigilance zone' around them which sets the chance of the vigilance action happening. These actions can go much further than the standard overwatch with actions like 'keep cover' which allows a character to try and find new cover when flanked. Large Scale Missions Players will embark on several missions throughout the campaign. These missions are broken up into groups of engagements - each offering unique objectives, enemy types and player choice on where to go next - keeping each feeling fresh and unique. Another benefit to these smaller engagements is that the player will not be overwhelmed by both the quantity of enemies and time for each turn. However, stringing all these engagements together still allows the player to feel like their heroes are very powerful as they dispatch lots of enemies throughout the mission. Initiative Will you be able to rescue the hostages in time? Can you survive the chaos until more defensive actions are taken? Initiative can have a major impact in situations like these. In Sentinels of Freedom, initiative determines the turn order for all characters and events in a round. Actions from previous rounds can have a major impact on initiative. A Swap mechanic allows hero to shift their position in the initiative order allowing more control over which hero to activate. The first hero in the initiative order receives a speed bonus while the last hero is awarded an accuracy bonus.
It's the year 198X... you know what to do. When Earth comes under attack by alien invaders, the peaceful denizens expect their old hero, Giga Man to once again save them. When it's clear he's too wrapped up in the tempting night life of the robot glitterati, it's time for a new hero to arrive. Help Floyd, an unassuming custodian at the county jail, his mentor Mac and his life long friend Kricket defeat the evil General and his invading alien army! Action, platforming, and everything you love about the 8-bit gaming era brought back to the modern world with a classic chip tune soundtrack and a gripping story. 6 CHALLENGING STAGES - Choose the order in which you'd like to play while an intriguing story unfolds. 7 PUNISHING BOSS BATTLES - Find the boss weakness using powers from defeated bosses. OVER 25 UNIQUE ENEMIES - Dodge, shoot and level up while using your skills to master old school action platforming. Play through in easy, normal and hard modes Earn and use special weapons and items to defeat enemies and pass obstacles Gain experience points to level up stats like defense or attack, and grow stronger Download the original 8-bit soundtrack completely free
Join SURVARIUM Beta Now and Start Playing For Free! FIGHT IN DIFFERENT GAME MODES! Survarium offers several game modes. Some are familiar to all shooter fans, some are more unique. Fight in a squad or solo: the higher the risk, the higher the reward! SURVIVE IN ANOMALIES! There are many strange places in the world of Survarium where death awaits you around every corner. But you can find valuable artifacts there, which make you stronger. GATHER ARTIFACTS! In anomalies you will find various artifacts with unique properties giving you passive and active bonuses. Use the artifacts to turn the tide of battle! LEVEL UP YOUR CHARACTER! Gain experience in battle and unlock new skills. You can improve physical abilities, shooting skills, increase protection from the anomalies and more!
Jump, dodge and explore in the search for your Owlfriend, who has been kidnapped by Wizzord: the magic space frog! A silly platform adventure inspired by classic ZX Spectrum games like Jet Set Willy! 225 rooms of non-linear exploration! Trivia questions to solve! Search through Wizzord's castle, avoid nasty enemies, find the keys and save your Owlfriend!
Destroy The Cubes A minimalist puzzle game that combines balls, cubes and physical intuition Your challenge is to destroy all the cubes in one move For that you need to throw the balls in the right position and direction to make the perfect trajectory You move to the next level when enough balls fall into the hole Challenge yourself at each level Persistence is often the key to success A complete experience Halfway there will be walls and tunnels to challenge you And in the end there will also be cannons to help you Learn while playing There are 56 levels designed progressively, so you can learn to play while playing You don't have to be a master, enjoy and solve the puzzles in your own time Original sound effects This game contains original sound effects prepared exclusively, use headphones to get the most out of stereo sound Intuitive: No previous knowledge required, click and drag system makes the game very intuitive Simple: You don't need to have prior skill to play, the levels are set up for you to learn to play while playing Minimalist: No punctuation, no timer and no pressure. Solve the puzzles in your own time and enjoy the game experience Level progression: 56 unique levels, where the challenge increases with new mechanics
Feel like the world's best drone pilot. People say they love the steering. 25 challenges with increasing difficulty. Local pass-and-play multiplayer, great for parties. Designed for VR but can also be played on a regular screen with keyboard or gamepad. CREATED WITH LOVE BY NEUSTON Neuston is a game studio that focuses on creating super-tight action games. SEIZURE WARNING A small percentage of people may experience a seizure when exposed to certain visual images, including flashing lights or patterns. Immediately stop playing and consult a doctor if you experience any symptoms.
A short game about flying around without bumping into things. You control a bird and must navigate around various obstacles. Key Features Explore 3 well thought-out levels, each with a unique boss fight Black-and-white ink-drawing visual style Replay the game in hard mode after your first completion for a true challenge Eat fish
Set in the Black Hills of South Dakota, this interactive VR documentary takes participants into the subterranean depths of Sanford Research Lab and Wind Cave as they unravel the cosmos from different angles. Participants are invited to navigate the former Homestake Goldmine turned cutting-edge laboratory 4,850 feet below ground, where scientists employ a cosmic microphone to investigate the nature of dark matter. In tandem, the story also takes participants into the vast underground network of Wind Cave, the labyrinth of ancient passageways at the heart of the Lakota Sioux creation story. Both spaces transport us into a realm of sheer darkness as they explore what lies beyond light. Using volumetric video capture technologies that see beyond the spectrum of visible lights, this immersive documentary crafts a dialogue between the scientific frontier and a realm of spiritual belief that co-exist in the storied Black Hills. As the diptych emerges in this interactive narrative, visitors to the underground are turned inwards to find their common ground.
Battlevoid: Harbinger is a hard sci-fi space exploration game blending roguelike, turn-based, star map strategy, and real-time space battles. You are a young commander given the task to venture out into enemy territories, far away from home to unknown galaxies, never knowing what you will face as you jump out from hyperspace. In Battlevoid: Harbinger you will have to make decisions regarding your fleet and equipment, face surprising elements, use Battlestations to your advantage and battle fiercely for survival as you defend humanity. Strategy, tactics, and resource management are the core of Battlevoid: Harbinger. Plan your ship's offenses and defenses. Fortify your ships against enemy weapons, and wield them wisely. Lure your enemies into traps, or distract your foes with distress beacons toward your Battlestation. Battlevoid: Harbinger has been praised by the press and gamers, creating a solid community for the game. Key Features Intense and gripping sci-fi space adventure simulation Explore new procedurally generated galaxies each playthrough Galaxies full of mysterious places, Battlestations and dangerous encounters Carry out missions, discover new technology, and help humanity survive Unique turret upgrade system, never seen in a game before Superb pixel graphics and effects
Malicious Payload is a Story based Sci Fi Arcade Shooter game. There are two modes in the game: Story and Survival mode. Story You're a security guard on Minutor-CCXVI. You're having a boring day and you fallen asleep in the security room. Suddenly the computer shows security alerts. You check the security cameras and you can't see anything. But the system is captured by the space pirates, they sent a virus called Malicious Payload to the mainframe. The ship undergoes a loss of energy and begins to drift through space. You come out of the security room to understand what happened, but the miner-bots have turned into lethal robots. You think you can save the ship? Survival The longer you stay, the more successful you are. You can increase your reputation on Leaderboards worldwide. Malicious robots comes in waves in increasing form, will do anything to terminate you. Take the guns from robots you killed, or choose one you want from Holo Menu. Rail Pistol Rail Rifle Akai Hakko Katana
Legend of Ares is a MMORPG set in a medieval fantasy featuring the God of War, Ares mythology. Players can choose two different faction to join either The Empire or The Alliance featuring four different classes Knight, Spearman, Archer, and Sorcerer. Each class has a unique set of abilities with an upgradeable skill tree system. Experience the exciting PVP mode where players can wage war between factions and guilds. The game emphasizes on the intense battle system, guild plays, and warfare system. It also features a distinctive quests driven PVE gameplay, where players can explore the vast world, fight monsters, and join forces to defeat bosses. Legend Of Ares is officially back! Come be a part of the action, and experience the Legend of Ares at RedFox Games.
First time is history! Here comes the game to beat enemies by 'roof-fall'! We have implemented this idea into the good old snake game which we've enjoyed for so many years, but with a side-view angle. The field changes face dynamically, its strategy satisfies everyone's desire to cunningly entrap enemies, which cannot be fulfilled anywhere else. To suit all players, the game implemented speed controller, or players can even play turn by turn, where all objects stop until the player makes the move. Enjoy the unprecedented pleasure of the classic snake game with a side-view angle and the new idea of 'roof-fall', the feature which surely gets the player so addicted.
Rebound Dodgeball Evolved is a fast, competitive, multiplayer Sci-fi themed dodgeball game. The top down camera and twin stick shooter controls makes it easy to just pick up and play however the fast-paced nature of the game gives it a high skill ceiling. Players can team up and play against each other both online and offline with any combination of maps, Mutators, and gamemodes. Mutators: Mutators greatly change up the rules of Rebound Dodgeball Evolved by changing the behaviour of the dodgeballs or through adding new abilities. Instead of dodgeballs slowing down over time, Nitro Ball speeds the ball up with each collision resulting in a hectic game that only gets more dangerous over time. Time Glitch throws a spanner in the works by sending everyone back in time to where they were shortly before, pay attention and you can save your past self from a dodgeball! Maps: With over 15 unique maps you must adapt quickly to take advantage of the new geometry and stage hazards to ensure the win. Watch out for portals! Multiplayer: Rebound Dodgeball Evolved can be played both locally and online with up to 4 players. Team up with your friends or play free-for-all to see who truly is the dodgeball champion. If you're playing alone or offline, challenge your skills against the bots and see if you really are the dodgeball champion! Playlists: Create a playlist with any combination of maps and Mutators for the ultimate customised experience or play one of the pre-made recommended themed playlists.
In a world where humans are used as power supplies, only one man has the will to change it all! Iro Hero is a sci-fi adventure with beautiful pixel art graphics inspired by many old-school classics. Staged across 9 action-packed levels , Iro Hero features a unique and fresh four-color polarity system , with interactive elements, puzzles, color zones, weapon upgrades and special skills to unlock. The action takes place in 2306, a century after the Nyagu taught mankind how to obtain electricity from their inner energy. Enterprises started to exploit humans in farms to produce energy. What had started as a gift became a curse, reducing people to nothing more than simple power supplies... Only when his mother dies in one of these farms, Iro realizes he has the power to change the order of things. Features A four-color polarity system, emphasizing risk vs reward gameplay where you charge up your powers in matching colors. Discover an exciting story that takes place across 9 action-packed levels. Encounter 10 different types of enemies with more than one hundred different behaviors. Defeat 10 final bosses in the vein of classic arcades. Unlock special skills, offering many creative and strategic options. Acquire upgrades to increase the firepower and capabilities of your spaceship. Rise to the top of the online leaderboards.
NEW HALLOWEEN UPDATE: We have released a free update containing a special Halloween version of our experience with all new music. For more details, please see our Recent Update on the release! Welcome to the Impossible Travel Agency Travel to a distant world pulsing with life in this beautiful VR experience set to music. As the sun sets and the twin moons rise, luminescent flowers shine while sleek birds glowing with mystical patterns weave ever-changing shapes across the sky. And then, minute by minute, you realize that something miraculous is unfolding before you. All of it builds to a glorious and mysterious climax -- and you can only witness all of this thanks to the Impossible Travel Agency, a transporting VR experience for anyone who loves music, beauty, and dreams. This is a narrative experience in VR lasting six minutes. Once you've taken the trip, you can customize it by using your own music and setting the duration to match your favorite album or playlist. The environment will react to your music and the story will adjust to your new duration for a transporting experience with the songs you love. ITA supports the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive headsets. It also supports the use of tracked motion controllers for both VR platforms but controller usage is optional. You may sit, stand, walk around, or just lie on the floor and look up at the stars. Available for Arcades on SpringboardVR
The game of kings for the PC - play against different computer opponents in various difficulty levels, watch and analyze famous chess games or play a game of chess over the Internet. The 3D view allows you to rotate and zoom the chessboard freely and varity is provided by many different boards, and sets of pieces as well as a physically realistic behavior. You can even throw the figures off the board whenever you are annoyed by a lost game. Some sets of pieces are animated and you can watch the figures walking and fighting in various environment scenes such as dungeon, medieval and graveyard. A selection of strong chess engines offers you a variety of challenging gameplay when playing against the computer. Third-party chess engines can also be easily added if the UCI protocol is supported. Already included are hundreds of historical chess games which can be watched and continued at any point. Additional games can be imported in PGN format. Network games via a local network or the Internet are also supported.
Take on the role of Aaki, a seemingly normal if somewhat self conscious young man, whose life is turned upside down after a casual stroll through the local park. Now he has to deal with two mischievous demi-gods who insist he must marry one of them. If that wasn't enough it seems that several women he knows have also decided he must go out with them, and all the while he has his exams to deal with too. It's a tough time for Aaki in this little Divine Slice of Life. The game features a large script and amazing artwork to tell Aaki's story giving the player key choices to make throughout which in turn effect how Aaki's life is shaped and what the games final ending will be. Featuring: Detailed Story with Multiple Alternate Endings Voice-acting for the main characters Five separate female romance options Fun, Tongue in Cheek script Multiple choices with a branching story Dedicated Original Soundtrack Un-lockable in-game gallery Steam Trading Cards 5-6 hours of gameplay on the main story-lines
It's one year after the collapse of civilization and self-centered hedge fund manager Joe Wheeler emerges from his specially constructed bunker in search of food. This is a huge open-world Role Playing Game where you have the freedom to play how you want - but your choices have consequences. Your aim is to find other survivors, gain their respect, and build a community. You'll scavenge for supplies, trade, plant crops, go on quests, face moral dilemmas, go to war, and uncover dark, terrible secrets! Innovative dialog system with characters that remember your actions and form their opinion of you accordingly. Combines Action-RPG and Real-Time Strategy elements - you can take control of, or issue commands to, any character that joins your community. Fast zombies and challenging combat that requires you to make use of all resources available to survive! There's also an upcoming sequel, check it out here !
Rewind time and manipulate gravity in order to solve parkour puzzles in this extremely difficult, yet exciting new 2D platformer. With new levels being added for free all the time, the fun never ends. Each level in Redactem incorporates one of the game's many features to create a challenging puzzle that keeps you entertained. The game is addictive, frustrating, and interesting, you will always find yourself coming back to challenge one more level. Redactem was the number one rated game on IndieGameStand, an indie game marketpalce, from July 2016 until the site's shutdown.
Photographer Whitty Gawship attends a prestigious get-together at the residence of the impressive Professor Chet Chatters. Members of the party are veteran conversationalists, each trying to gain subtle power over one-another. The mood shifts when Whitty and the others discover that the professor can get the 'Last Word' in every conversation via his miraculous invention. Dastardly! But what are the professor's motives? And why invite a commoner? Last Word is an unconventional JRPG. Battle sophisticated guests using words as weapons. Collect topics by gossiping to unlock mysteries. Drink wine. The night is young and no one can leave until the devious Professor Chatters says so! Can Whitty and Seymour overcome the power of the professor's amazing machine? Or will they succumb to the saucy banter of the motley aristocrats around them? Don't hesitate in getting the Last Word . Features Unique battle system! Fight with the subtle nuances of conversation. Engaging storytelling! Get whisked away by a narrative brimming with character! And fun! Key Topic System! Gather gossip to unlock more... gossip! Vocal SFX! Each character has their own awe-inducing sound. Listen to the quality of that throat clearing! Bow Ties! Learn skills and equip them using snazzy Bow Tie Points!
Return to old-school arcade racing with Dust n Wheels. Bring on your A-game as you experience the thrill of white-knuckle racing. Winding paths through forests, narrow mountain tracks, death defying cliffs and drop-offs, ensure it is a fight for survival between you vs. the beastly road. Are you ready to challenge yourself and the world? Main Features: - Enjoy racing at bone-breaking speeds under the searing hot noon, during the glorious sunset, the cool morning or any time in-between with the dynamic time-of-day. - The fight to the top is gritty and harsh, as the hard-to-master rally-style driving pushes you to the max, forcing you to rely on your skills to win the game. - Racing is no fun without formidable competition. Stack your scores and observe your progress against your friends and the world with the online leaderboards. - Avoid unwanted down-time and get into the action faster by racing with frustration-free instant restarts and resets.
Space Hulk: Deathwing is a First-Person Shooter experience based on Games Workshop's classic Space Hulk boardgame set in the universe of Warhammer 40,000. Space Hulk: Deathwing was developed on Unreal Engine 4, and offers you and up to three of your friends the chance to experience a desperate battle against Genestealers in the claustrophobic tunnels of a Space Hulk. You also gain skills, new abilities, and new equipment as you earn experience during missions. Space Hulks drift along the currents of the Warp, the immaterial dimension of Chaos. Made up of gigantic, mangled asteroids, ship wrecks, and other stellar debris, they can grow to the size of a moon, and often contain treasured and ancient lost technologies. They are often also infested with broods of the lethal Genestealer. In the game you take on the role of a Space Marine from one of the most secret and most feared Space Marine forces: the Deathwing of the Dark Angels Chapter. As a Librarian, you can also master the destructive powers of the Psykers. Your skills and performance in battle grant you Fervor Points to spend on 3 skill trees, allowing you to improve your abilities and unlock new powers. Don your Terminator armour and arm yourself with the iconic weaponry of the Space Marines and face the threats that await you in the Space Hulk. Key Features Take on the role of a Space Marine Terminator from the most secret and feared Deathwing. Plunge into the claustrophobic tunnels of a Space Hulk. and experience a desperate battle against the Genestealers. Unlock new abilities through 3 skill trees. Grow in power and weild devastating weapons. Coop mode: play with your friends as a Terminator squad in an epic coop mode
After receiving an anonymous tip about the whereabouts of the Potato Man, bounty hunting team Quindalin and Dexter depart on a mission to put an end to the Potato Man once and for all. You'll get to... Laugh. Cry. Fall in love. Talk to a hot dog. Get deep-fried.
Trade your way to the top! A chef is anxiously waiting for you to bring him his turkey to cook the feast!! And if you bring guests, he may surprise you with some additional help for your next go! Find secrets, unlock upgrades, and perfect your run to have the perfect thanksgiving feast! You collect items in order to trade those items for bigger and cooler items. This would include a rock being traded for a bag of seeds, and bag of seeds being traded for something bigger and better etc. This is a first person experience that focuses on platforming, casual game play, and ironically; speed running.
A puzzle game that celebrates the vast diversity of life in the world. Quozzle is a lone Incredipede on a quest to rescue her sisters. She can grow new arms, legs, and muscles wherever she needs them. Give her antlers or a tail, stretch her out like a snake, use nature as a blueprint or strike out in weird new directions. Control Quozzle as she learns to swing through the trees, climb sheer cliffs, dance over rivers of lava, and even soar through the air on thermal winds. 120 puzzle levels in beautifully crafted wood-block print style Design a creature to solve every level by adding legs and muscles Control your creation using WASD, flexing muscles to walk, flap, grab, or transform Campaign mode - help Quozzle save her village and discover the truth about the terrible invaders Level Editor and thousands of player-made challenges Immersive ambient soundscape of strange animal calls and chill jungle beats
A fan of WW2 strategy war games? Like to think about your next move rather than having quick reaction times? Battle Series Eastern Front - Kursk - Battle at Prochorovka is the game for you. Battle Series Eastern Front - Kursk - Battle at Prochorovka, covers one of largest single tank battle in the history of warfare. Approximately 1000 tanks and assault guns met head to head near the town of Prochorovka, in a battle that became a desperate close range shoot-out which would decide the ultimate success or failure of Operation Zitadelle. The 2nd SS Panzer Korps began it's attack on July 3rd, and spent the next 8 days breaking through the dense Russian defensive positions. During the late afternoon and evening of the 11th, they broke through and repulsed a counterattack by the Russian 31st Tank Corps. Reorganizing during the night, the panzers struck northward before dawn on the 12th. As dawn broke, the lead German elements ran head-on into the lead elements of the Soviet 5th Guards Tank Army and the battle was on. It was to last all day, in confused and savage fighting at close ranges. This game recreates that day with the player being able to play both as the Russians and Germans or against the AI. Go to yobowargames.com for the latest news and support. Turn Based with each turn having a Move and Attack phase Units are at battalion level and represent the units present on the day of the battle Units have an Attack, Defense and Movement Allowance Artillery units also have a Range allowance Map represents the key features at the time with the embanked railway line and river causing the fighting to be fought almost as three separate battles Play as the Germans against the Computer AI Three scenario variants
Down below, the enemy sits unaware while a sleek, metallic creature slices through the dark. No blips show on the radar, no sign is given. Then, an instant, the roar of exploding ordnance shatters the night, demolishing targets, sending troops and pilots scrambling. As quickly as it appeared the menacing airborne apparition vanishes in the sky. The F-117A has just come calling. F-117A Nighthawk Stealth Fighter 2.0. It's the only simulator that could improve on MicroProse's landmark combat flight simulator, F-19 Stealth Fighter. You get the same superior game-play and design plus much more true-to-life new graphics, sound that seems to wrap around you, more worlds to conquer and more scenarios to challenge you. Game Features: Sensational Sound. Thrilling new music and digitized speech highlight the updated and enhanced sound package Nine Worlds. Run your F-117A through the world's 'hot spots', Cuba, North Korea, The Kuwaiti Theatre of Operations, Central Europe, the North Cape, Libya, the Persian Gulf, Vietnam and the Middle East. Awesome Missions. With updated scenarios and historically based assignments from the Persian Gulf War, mission generation is absolutely unmatched. Eye-popping Graphics. Graduated horizons, landscapes and seascapes in VGA give even experienced pilots a new thrill. All new starting options and ending screens add the excitement you want. Absolute authenticity. Experience the true environment of the F-117A, including cockpit and in-plane graphics, thanks to advanced 3-D technology. Real-life enemy AI will challenge you, too. Exciting options. Choose the F-117A that challenges you the most. The Lockhead version is U.S. standard issue. The MicroProse version makes you less elusive, but adds target-busting fire-power and intense dogfighting action.
Legendary Youtube sensation GamingTaylor brings you his first ever video game. - Hordes of Zombies to defeat - Elaborate level design - Many Weapons to choose from By choosing to purchase or play this game you will gain all the love and support of GamingTaylor as you lift him to new heights!
The peace of your enchanted world, Driftmoon, is at an end. An ancient evil is awakening, casting its dark shadows even on your serene home village. Hope lies in an unlikely alliance: A young man joins forces with a little firefly dreaming of stardom, a panther queen with the ego of a moon whale, and a fellow who's lost everything but his bones, and still hasn't given up. Knowing nothing of the amazing adventures and the fearsome foes that await them, the party embarks on a journey like no other. Driftmoon is an adventure-roleplaying game, full of exploration, smiles and surprises, captivating stories and quests, charming characters, and countless delightful details. A fantastic adventure, and a deep story that will put a smile on your face, and keep surprising you! Plenty of personality, wit, humor and goodwill! The rich, magical world is filled with captivating personalities, and zillions of things waiting to be discovered!
One final landrush! The planet is dyin', Astrid, and it's dig or die trying! That mine under our town is sitting empty, and wouldn't you know there's rumours of ancient tech down there that might help us out of this predicament. Round up the posse, circle the wagons, and let's get to buildin' a new home! Collect resources above ground and ores down below so we can get those wealthy bots in here to help us build bigger, and we can get the heck out of here! As your borders expand, new steamfolk will find their way to you! Every bot is crotchety in their own way, and it's up to you to keep them steaming along. Barter to boost efficiency, keep goods flowing to and from the mines and keep everyone happy to make them work their darndest and hardest. Stare into the abyss long enough and it might just stare back... we're going looking for riches and something down there doesn't want to share! Have gun, dig gravel, and make sure the mines don't collapse upon you as you defend yourselves from the creepy crawlies that lurk within... Break ground on a bustling SteamWorld town, inspired by the Old West. Keep your steambots from getting cranky by ensuring their complex needs get met Dig deep and spread wide to produce resources to aid your search for ancient technologies Defend your mine from the creepy varmints that lurk deep below your town Trade resources at the local train stop and welcome special visitors who'll lend a hand Five distinct maps littered with secrets for the discerning SteamWorld explorer to find Developed from the ground up for both mouse and controller, whichever takes yer fancy. Four difficulty levels, including a sandbox difficulty for when you just want to Build!
Salt is an open world exploration game about discovery and loot. You start out on an island with the basic resources needed to build your first raft and then you're free to pick any direction and go as far as you please. During your adventure you will explore uncharted islands, discover mysterious places, go on quests, relax on the sea, upgrade your ships, discover pirates and other characters, and loot hundreds of rare items throughout the sea! Key Features Complete the main quest or one of over 50 side quests filled with lore and secrets to earn rare loot. Go on adventures with your friends, sail the seas, and trade rare items you discover throughout the world. Discover ancient ruins, cultists, merchants, pirates, and more. Relax and sail towards the sunset or explore new islands. You are free to set the pace and go anywhere you want. Find huge ships and decorate them to make them your home at sea. RPG-style loot system with item rarities and hundreds of weapons, armor, resources, and mysterious items. The world is procedurally generated and limitless. Set sail on the ocean and explore an infinite amount of islands. Use the in-game map to chart the islands you come across and make note of rare loot or places you discover. Hunt wildlife or fish on the open sea. About Lavaboots Studios Lavaboots Studios is a small indie game company of three members that is founded based on a purpose rather than a product. Have you ever played a game that gave you a feeling? If you have, then you know exactly what we are talking about. It's something that sticks with you for the rest of your life. It is our mission to create worlds that inspire adventure and forge an unforgettable journey.
In Save The Astronaut you take on the role of Bill, career space-man. You're marooned on an uncharted world in a far off star system. Covered in jagged rock and freezing ice. Before impact your ship jettisoned a disaster beacon. You must traverse this chilling world and activate the beacon to receive rescue. Your mission: Navigate the 20 ever-more challenging levels and reach the exit before you run out of air! Avoid freezing waters, and razor-sharp rocks. Find reserve oxygen tanks and keep your life line going long enough to make it home! You have ten seconds to breathe. Don't choke. 20 levels with ever increasing challenge. Collect special bonus jewels to unlock secret levels. Run and Jump 2D platformer gameplay. Powered by Unreal Engine 4. Steam Achievements.
The Chronicles Edition includes the full game, Hammerwatch Anniversary Edition, and the Hammerwatch II anniversary pack DLC.
EXCITING MOVEMENT Slide, grind, and wall-run your way through acrobatic arenas, tailored for a fun and fluid experience. CHOOSE YOUR WEAPONRY Experience combat full of adrenaline! Choose from a selection of awesome guns and unique abilities to blitz through the opposing team. MULTIPLE GAME MODES Play Capture the Flag, Team Deathmatch, and more! Enjoy your favorites, develop your skills, and master the perfect strategies! PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS Invite your friends and squad up! Communication and teamwork are key to victory. SPEEDRUN While queuing or waiting for your friends you can challenge yourself in the trial levels, collect orbs in solo speedruns, and track your best times on the leaderboards! CUSTOMIZE YOUR ROBOT Earn credits or buy Orion Bonds to purchase awesome new skins for your overbot, everything from nation paints to limited edition exclusives!
Experience a shattered and surreal dream filled with fascinating riddles, where your only guide is an elusive butterfly. Can you make the journey and wake up? Key Features: Diverse riddles challenging the brain, eyes and ears. A unique atmosphere A handcrafted sound experience Designed for VR and Motion Controllers explicitly Wake up is a smaller game which will take between 20 and 40 minutes to complete, depending on the speed you are able to solve the riddles. ABOUT BLACK CELL Black Cell is a small independent team from Austria, venturing in the new and exciting world of Virtual Reality. With Wake Up we have created our first game, exploring the limitations and possibilities of this new medium. The goal is to create new experiences with a focus on a great mood, through the use of carefully created audio and visual design.
From the creators of Bastion , Transistor is a sci-fi themed action RPG that invites you to wield an extraordinary weapon of unknown origin as you fight through a stunning futuristic city. Transistor seamlessly integrates thoughtful strategic planning into a fast-paced action experience, melding responsive gameplay and rich atmospheric storytelling. During the course of the adventure, you will piece together the Transistor's mysteries as you pursue its former owners. Key Features: An all-new world from the team that created Bastion Configure the powerful Transistor with thousands of possible Function combinations Action-packed real-time combat fused with a robust strategic planning mode Vibrant hand-painted artwork in full 1080p resolution Original soundtrack changes dynamically as the action unfolds Hours of reactive voiceover create a deep and atmospheric story 'Recursion' option introduces procedural battles after finishing the story Fully customizable controls custom-tailored for PC
Bonbon is a short, first-person domestic horror narrative in which you navigate childhood events beyond your capacity to understand. Bonbon is about experiencing the objects and events around you. As your parents increasingly demonstrate their absence, you spend time with Bonbon, a large, overbearing and ambiguous visitor... You can play with mouse and keyboard, or a 360-style gamepad. The game takes between 20 to 40 minutes to complete, depending on how you play.
Stereo Aereo is a crazy musical journey through space . Use your cat-like reflexes to get into the groove and use your sense of rhythm while crossing a comic book style sci-fi universe inspired by the pop-culture influences of the 80's . Your job is to get space rock band Stereo Aereo to their 15 minutes of fame! It's up to you to overcome Stereo Aereo's challenges: avoid the police, escape prison, battle hordes of space mobsters, and face the Queen of the space dump, in order to reach your 15 minutes of fame. Features: Story driven game: experience the struggles of a small time space rockband trying to reach their long awaited 15 minutes of fame. Musical guide: You may want to follow the beat of the music to get the highest score as possible. Don't get pegged by obstacles, move and shoot your way to the music. Boss fights: YES, beat those rock hating bosses! Four different difficulties: Do you have the skill to beat the game at all difficulties? Global leaderboards: reveal your prowess to the rest of the world. Rocking soundtrack: an amazing soundtrack to fulfil your love for 80's rock music! Relive the 80's: a retro themed sci-fi universe.
You are a weapon genius. You know everything about the gun mechanisms, ballistics, shooting skills and other. You must create ever better and improved guns and earn money through accurate shooting. Select and buy the necessary details in order to combine the weapon properties and achieve the maximal performance of fire efficiency. Create a gun of your dream!
Hiding Spot is difficult puzzle game about isolating yourself by Corey Martin, designer of Pipe Push Paradise . It's a 3D grid-based game with a simple goal - build a safe place, huddle up and get cozy. Things you can do in Hiding Spot : Cope your way through dozens of elegant puzzles Push and pull your furniture around Manage your anxiety Make a judgment call about whether you're depressed or just in need of some alone time Features a relaxing ambient synth score and minimalist voxel art.
Steamroll is an adventure and puzzle game with a touch of minigolf. It creates a steampunk atmosphere where you will have to solve puzzles by designing and shooting steamballs from your vehicle to create ramps, walls, activate triggers, blow things away, and more. In Steamroll you are a young engineer in his first day of work and take control of the Scarabeus , the greatest new steam-fuelled vehicle invention, while you try to survive in a crumbling mine and look for a way out. The Scarabeus Half beetle, half armadillo, this amazing rolling vehicle can transform and deploy itself into certain bases. This allows you to fill the steam tank and, most important, to shoot steamballs . In its shooting form, the Scarabeus is connected to an underground resources tank. From there, you'll have to find out the best angle to solve the puzzles this mine proposes. Precision and calculus are needed to push buttons, activate switches and open doors. Steamballs These small spheric devices can be shot in several angles and intensity. You'll have to be careful using them, you'll have a limited amount of resources in each deployment base. Steamballs can be filled with latest technology inventions, which will deploy after the steamball is shot. Walls will allow you to create surfaces in which steamballs will bounce. Explosives might be very useful to get rid of garbage and obstacles. Placed correctly, a ramp is the best way to reach higher places. Explore this dark steampunk adventure and meet some weird characters in your great and dangerous escape. Use your skills wisely and remember that patience is a virtue.
' Don't open the doors! ' is a claymation action adventure in an odd world of talking pumpkins, blue trees and stuff like that. The city is in danger! The doors came out of nowhere. Everything near them began to talk and almost everything tried to eat you. Solving this problem is no sweat: you only have to find the Main super door and blast it with a super megabomb. As a real hero, you'll have to handle it yourself. However, everything is sure to go haywire! Game features: An open clayworld: explore it and face different challenges; Odd, talking characters: conversations with mushrooms, bugs, pumpkins etc. will be your common practice; A destructible environment: with a huge hammer in hand, you'll have no chance to be bored; Traps, secrets, bosses. There are no tedious places behind the doors; Out of pop corn gun ammo? Search for cornfields. Looking for a healing compote? Pick some berries! Everything is made from plasticine. Over 8000 photos and an enormous number of editing hours. The game is entirely hand made!
Challenge your mind in Cubism, a deceptively simple VR puzzle game where you assemble increasingly complex shapes out of colorful blocks. Immerse yourself in a Zen environment as you reason your way through 60 puzzles which will put your spatial thinking skills to the test.
Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon? Infinite Combate follows the story of Bell Cranel and Aiz Wallenstein and they battle through increasingly difficult dungeons for completely opposite reasons. Features Welcome to Orario Enter a city where the gods have decided to live on Earth and provide challenges to its inhabitants. Be part of a Familia and serve a resident deity who protects you and helps you grow as an adventurer. As an adventurer, it's up to you to defeat monsters in the dangerous labyrinth created by the Gods. Level up through an extensive skill tree, customize your character's playstyle with skill tress and special crafted equipment in true RPG fashion! Experience the Anime Follow the story from the beginning and discover exclusive new content only available in the game. Two Perspectives Players simultaneous experience Bell's and Aiz' stories through their own dedicated chapters. Story Mode Enjoy an extensive story with unique content and side quests!
Mallow Drops is a gravity puzzle where two kiwis try to rescue their lost eggs in a shattered world. Turn everything upside down as you slide, shift and move through its tricky world, a mix of platformer and a sliding block puzzle. Getting to where you need to go is half the fun - just be sure to look before you leap! With Wooly Jumpers hopping about and Dirty Underbears surprising you suddenly, it won't be easy, and if you're not careful, the dreaded Dropbears may get the drop on you!
The cameras are all focused on you; the center of the scene. Not just in character, you are the character. The part to play is singularly yours. Written just for you. You are met with silence. No barking orders from the director. No call to action that you need to become this version of yourself. The demand to act fills your mind, but the script pages hold no words. Your past has helped to mold you into what you are, forced upon you the skills required to hone your craft. That same past has scraped deep furrowing scars into you, not on the outside where the world can see, but in a place buried so deep within that it has become shapeless. You push those memories down but let the experiences drive you into who, or what, you must play. Darkness surrounds as you stand silently in the spotlight, the only sounds to be heard over your heartbeat are the distant breaking of waves against the hull and the sound of cameras pointed in your direction preserving this moment for eternity. A deep and commanding voice rises from the distance. Act. What part will you play? Game Features: Story-driven exploration - You must explore the world around you. Discover your past, and expose the reason for your having been cast for this film. Psychological horror - Is this part of the film, or are your memories playing tricks on you? Your world may change with the slightest of provocations, you must decide what is real. Ocean Liner setting - Your explorations into the depths of the ship that play the scenes for the film become ever more incredible, and ever more terrifying. Classical, ominous soundtrack - An original score composed by Arkadiusz Reikowski, conducted by George Strezov, and performed by the Sofia Session Orchestra
Guide two brothers on an epic fairy tale journey from visionary Swedish film director, Josef Fares and top-tier developer Starbreeze Studios. Control both brothers at once as you experience co-op play in single player mode, like never before. Solve puzzles, explore the varied locations and fight boss battles, controlling one brother with each thumbstick. A man, clinging to life. His two sons, desperate to cure their ailing father, are left with but one option. They must set out upon a journey to find and bring back the 'Water of Life' as they come to rely on one another to survive. One must be strong where the other is weak, brave where the other is fearful, they must be... Brothers. This is one journey you will never forget.
Do you have what it takes to be a Parking Enforcement Officer? Now you have the chance to show it! You will take on the role of Randy in the first week of his new job as a Parking Enforcement Officer. You will inspect cars in parking lots, on busy roads, and in suburban areas, and hand out fines to parking regulation violators. However, if you make mistakes, Randy's job security will decrease. If it hits zero, or if you exceed the allotted time to complete the inspection of an area, Randy will be fired from his job. It is your job to keep Randy's job security high throughout the whole week and get him safely through the game's twenty levels. Features: Ability to Hand out Fines to Parking Violators Busy City Life Fascinating Parking Regulations 20 Exciting Levels with Time-Limits!
In Spheroids you take control of Lucas , a jumpy Canadian boy who sets out on an adventure with his crazy scientist companion Otto after it's discovered that the government has been hiding alternative universes from the cubic world they live in. Unfortunately, these alternative universes contain spheres that wish to turn everything round, so it's up to Lucas to save the world from these dangerous aliens: the Spheroids . Throughout Spheroids 32 levels, you'll encounter many different environments, with multiple hazards to avoid and enemies to destroy. Items such as the Modified-Drilling-Hook Otto lends Lucas will help you traverse the environment with ease, with many more to find throughout.
Lichdom: Battlemage is a first-person caster that gives the Mage the spotlight in a way never before seen in games. With limitless magical power at your disposal and brutal enemies around every corner, victory hinges on a combination of skill and strategy. You must carefully craft a vast array of spells and learn to cast them in the heat of combat. You are your spells! The Lichdom: Battlemage spell crafting system offers an enormous range of customization. Every Mage is the product of crafted magic that reflects the individual's play style. Whether you prefer to target your foes from a safe distance, wade into combat and unleash your power at point-blank range, or pit your enemies against each other, endless spell customization lets you become the Mage you want to be. About Xaviant Lichdom: Battlemage was developed by a team of industry veterans at Atlanta-based studio Xaviant. The team embraced community involvement through the Early Access program to ensure that Lichdom: Battlemage reached its full potential as a truly unique and exciting experience for players. Check out great crafting guides here!
Dragon's Wake is a powerful tale of discovery, growth and courage, all told without words. As a fledgling dragon, you will be born into an unknown world - and directly experience the wonders and threats that you discover. As you grow and gain strength and power in this 2D Adventure Platform game, the decisions and choices you make will change the lives of the people left in your wake.
The Mammoth: A Cave Painting tells the 5 million year story of the mammoth in 5 minutes. At its very core it is a story about the inescapability of loss. Inspired by prehistoric cave-paintings, act out a story written on the wall of a cave. Search for your lost herd on the wide plain. Gather and protect your children. Struggle with human hunters. Experience the dynamic narration unfold as you tell your story.
Would you like a relaxed but also action-packed adventure racing game in which everything revolves around horses? Then Horse Riding Deluxe 2 could be just the thing for you. Horse RIding Deluxe 2 is a 1 man passion project. Horses: There are a total of 18 horses that you can either buy from dealers or find and tame in the wild. Maintain: Grooming also plays a major role, with poor care the horses can get sick. Injuries are also dangerous, so clean, feed and heal your horses. Training: Train your horses in 3 areas. Agility, top speed and acceleration. Everything has a direct effect on the horses and changes their behavior. Personalize: At the dealers in the game world, you can buy saddles, saddlecloths, reins and hair colors, among other things. And various game characters are available to you. Pets: As in the first part, there are now pets again, this time there are a total of 7 dogs that you can get. Quests: Complete various tasks to get special rewards and gold. Explore: Explore the huge open world to find HRD coins, wild horses and resources. Some racetracks and quests also have to be found. Expand: Expand your stables to accommodate more horses. A horse can be fed in each stable. It is important that enough resources are available, otherwise the horses cannot be fed. Racetracks: You can earn gold on a total of 24 racetracks and prove your ability to get medals.
The Ancient, alien world of Yavain teeters on the brink of anarchy as the winds of change threaten to blow civilisation asunder! For centuries, four diverse races have tolerated a precarious balance of power. But the time has come for change. A new order is in the wind - AND IT WILL BE BORN OF BLOOD AND FIRE! War Wind allows you to view this epic struggle through the eyes of four unique races, each with its own strengths, weaknesses and distinctive A.I. A real-time strategy masterwork, War Wind features 28 ready-to-play scenarios. A powerful Scenario Editor that allows you to place units and build new battles. And a story of such compelling depth you won't believe it's just a game. - Carry your 8 favourite units from scenario to scenario - Advanced combat options, including stealth movement, biomechanically enhanced units and monstrosities - Units can advance in rank through training, gaining power along the way - Achieve victory through diverse means, such as combat, spell-casting and alliances forces can gain prestige, attracting wandering heroes to aid in campaigns
DeadTruth is an episodic, puzzle-based , first-person horror adventure, featuring a complex and emotional story, filled with dark and mysterious secrets. DeadTruth: The Dark Path Ahead is the first episode of the DeadTruth series. This game is based in solving puzzles. If you like games with tricky, challenging puzzles, this game is for you! Synopsis: You play a character named Michael Anderson who's life from loss of his loved ones, turned upside down into his worst nightmare. Despite of losing both of his parents and wife by the tragic events, another recent tragedy struck Michael's life- mysterious dissapearance of his brother Lusifer. The haunting sarrows of terrible deaths, led Michael to the dark trail of using drugs. Despite of constantly being surrounded by the never resting terror of loss and sadness, Michael finds the only spark of hope left inside of him and steps into the unknown to find his missing brother and uncover the truth behind the terrible accident.. But as further he walks into the darkness, the more he realises that the chance of life he left behind, was completly faded the moment he stepped into the shadow, as he slowly started to become the shadow himself. Are you willing to enter the unknown? Features: Puzzle solving challenges: Horror adventure game in puzzle-like style. To challenge the player throughout the game. Environmental sounds system The sounds of the different environments are contributing to the atmosphere and give the player scaring hints. High quality environment: Detail graphics with chilling atmosphere and tension. Sophisticated music and sounds. Combat system. Compelling and detailed story: Finding the answers to questions of the mysterious disappearance of your brother throughout the game. Haunting weaknesses of main characters past. Interactive environments: You can interact with objects! Pick up and move around objects through a simple drag and drop interface. Estimated game length: 5 - 6 hours Caution: DeadTruth contains violence, use of drugs, gore and strong language. Quick note's: It is strongly recommended to read the manual before playing the game! You can find the manual on the right side of the page.
Dry Drowning is an investigative thriller-oriented visual novel set in the futuristic dystopian universe of Nova Polemos. A shady socio-political situation dragging everything down to the abyss, a serial killer drawing strength from this darkness, a tormented detective and his assistant craving for redemption. Dry Drowning challenges the player to find the truth, going through ambiguous characters, riddles, clues and unexpected events, while telling an extremely compelling and mature story. Game Features Choices really matter: Players choices can lead to an always different story, with more than 150 story branches and 3 completely different endings Heavy moral choices: Dramatically change the way you live the game , affecting background politics, technology, environment, NPC encounters, who lives and who dies High replayability: More than 20 hours gameplay to see everything about Time travel: Explore the detective's flashbacks and investigate cases from the past to help you solve new ones Psychological interrogations: Break the masks and uncover the truth with the Living Nightmares system Original soundtrack: dynamic OST with more than 50 audio tracks , some of which live recorded, for more than 2 hours of music Get ready to dive into darkness...
Their faces are the playing pieces. The rules are their emotions! Ridiculously charming puzzles, wrapped around an epic tale of love and danger, topped off with an authentic old-time stringband soundtrack! The goal is to put every one next to their friends. But you can't please everybody all the time. Sometimes you gotta break hearts to save the day. And the day definitely needs saving: Volcanoes, exploding chickens, planetary invasion and a boy who just wants to dance with a girl. FEATURES: Constantly evolving gameplay A huge cast of moody folk Like, a bajillion hand drawn places and things Three Acts with 110 puzzles
Nightfall: Escape puts you in the shoes of a field journalist who is on a mission to investigate the mysterious disappearances in a remote area. Explore the place, search for leads and use your wits to survive the hidden terrors of the cursed place. Tread carefully, for curiosity may come at a price. Synopsis: Ara Cruz, a field journalist finds herself trapped in an old mansion rumored to be a place where people suddenly disappear to. As she struggles to find her way out, she must face the perils that lurk inside the said place.Will she be able to get the scoop she went there for and live to tell the tale, or will the missing victims count increase by one? Features: Past meets present. Experience classic horror elements that meet modern survival gameplay. Fear the unknown. Survive creatures of terror you've never seen before. Observation is key. Collect clues and solve puzzles to uncover the mysteries of the mansion. Connect the dots. Immerse in the actual tragic events that occurred in the past through haunting visions. Fortune favors the brave. Have a closer look at the game's unique art style through the gallery, unlocked by collecting silver coins.
Not Another Dungeon?! is a unique rogue-lite card game. Conquer 10 randomly generated levels and make the demonic Tower of Imalsrith yours! Fight evil demons and their king Aphradim to bring home the glory! Cleverly combining cards is the key to victory. Maybe, you will even find out what the Tower has to do with the recently appearing Meisters? Features?! A brand-new rogue-lite experience! Over 70 heroes to collect and fight with! Over 40 enemies to discover and defeat, including 8 unique boss enemies! Easy to learn, hard to master gameplay! Online leaderboards! Out of control?! With every try, the levels you have to conquer get randomly generated. With a dynamic difficuilty system and a lot of different cards to discover, the experience keeps itself fresh. If you feel especially determined, you'll maybe find yourself happy with CHAOS MODE - everything is upside down here! The strength and health values of each card get randomized! Big, bad bosses?! Your goal is to defeat the evil demon king Aphradim at the 10th level. Can you keep your party alive this long? A horde of demons and other monstrosities try to prevent you from succeeding - including 4 strong bosses with unique abilities! Online?! Compete in two categories - Speedrunning and Highscore! The included leaderboards promise to create extensive rivalry for those who strive for the top!
Midnight Heist is a co-op horror where you go on a heist through Midnight City alone or with up to three friends. As a relatively inexperienced hacker, you get the chance to perform tasks for well-known organizations. If you manage to complete these tasks, your reputation will increase and you will be trusted, while you will be rewarded. However, pay close attention to who hires you. The tasks will not be without danger. It is rumored that especially at midnight strange shadows move through the office buildings. According to reports, strange figures roam around various companies from midnight onwards. We're not sure what exactly is meant by these figures, but be on the lookout for danger in any case. Try to leave as few traces as possible, complete your task and escape. You can break into the companies with up to three more companions and distribute the tasks to grab even bigger rewards. However, keep in mind that more thieves means more attention. After receiving a job, you will have to break into a company. Depending on the job, you'll have a variety of tasks. Usually, you'll have to connect to computers in the company to steal data that is relevant for your client. At the same time, there will be some important documents and objects lying around in the company that you can take and steal to increase your loot. Black Hats The Black Hats are an organization that exploits every weakness in the system to get to their goal. They don't care about losses and use shady methods to reach their goal almost every time. They will use any means to get their prey. Satoshi Satoshi is an organization that does everything for money. No matter if companies and people have to be attacked or protected. As long as they end up being richly rewarded for their work, any means is fine with them. Accordingly, they only go for the jobs that are the most lucrative for them. Shadow Nobody really knows who or what is behind the Shadow organization. Some rumor that this organization is led by only one person. Shadow always appears exactly when no one suspects it and gives special missions that only the best hackers and thieves can fulfill. You'll be able to choose one of four available characters. By completing heists, your character will gain experience that can let you increase in level. We also plan to add a shop in the future where you can spend your earned money on skins to customize your characters.
A villa, a daily routine and an apparently happy family. Here is where everything began. After 'The Hospital' and 'The Cathedral', 'The Villa' is the last chapter of the Allison's Diary horror trilogy, where you will relive, through flashbacks and immersive cinematic effects, the frightening night in which Allison killed her parents in 1956. With the help of your faithful flashlight and nothing more, prepare to face an infernal journey into the terrible truth. Terrifying jump scares and a super realistic environment make 'The Villa' one of the best virtual reality horror experiences. KR Games As a small independent team, we started in 2016 making games for Android, growing fast and working hard to achieve the best possible video gaming experience, combining our passion and the latest available technologies, winking to the future of digital entertainment.
A Hat in Time is a cute-as-heck 3D platformer featuring a little girl who stitches hats for wicked powers. A little girl and her spaceship In A Hat in Time you play as a tiny space-travelling girl with a big tophat. Her adventure is halted when all her fuel, the Time Pieces, is lost and scattered across a nearby planet. Hat Kid must now jump, fight and stitch new hats to make her way into every nook and cranny of this new world in order to restore her fuel and resume her journey. On her way, she'll bump into the menacing Mafia of Cooks, the goofy birds of Dead Bird Studio, the spooky shadows of Subcon Forest, and more! Murder on a train! Parades! Trespassing in a movie studio? Every mission in A Hat in Time is unique! At one moment you'll be solving the Murder on the Owl Express by finding clues and interrogating the locals, the next moment you'll be the band marshal in The Big Parade , or sneaking through the bird-run Dead Bird Studio ! Small child, giant worlds Jump freely around in 5 massive worlds with new adventures to discover around every corner! Just like any child, Hat Kid loves to climb and explore, no mountain is too big for her sense of adventure. She can do multiple jump moves, as well as climb walls, and swing over gaps! Cute hats, magical yarn and snappy badges By finding and collecting rare magical yarn, Hat Kid can stitch new cute hats with a variety of abilities, including a witch hat that allows her to cook explosive concoctions, and a wooden ghost mask that allows her to peek into other dimensions. Hats can become even more powerful, by attaching badges that are found, sold and traded by the locals! Community-funded, community-focused A Hat in Time was successfully funded on Kickstarter, reaching nearly 10 times its goal! In order to celebrate our community, A Hat in Time is releasing with full modding and Steam Workshop support, an in-game screenshot mode, and more!
Puzzle a shivering jello through 48 levels of a haunted house. But beware! Scary monsters are waiting in the dark! Your only chance of survival is to scare the monsters back before the jello quivers, shivers and faints from fear. Fight evil witches, rattling skeletons and rusty knights with an arsenal of crazy weapons! Collect coins to reload your weapons and valerian for your nerves! Are you clever and skilled enough to escape the labyrinth and to defeat the final enemies? Test your courage in 48 suspenseful levels and dive into four beautiful 3D worlds! Many variations in gameplay and lots of challenges will make your pulse rise and your adrenalin flow: Solve puzzles, play against the clock, escape the monsters and win treacherous races! 48 levels of different gameplay challenges hilarious animations and sounds beautiful 3D environments suspense, action and puzzling fun!
Rave Heart is a Sci-FI game with JRPG elements that features the classical turn-based battles that we have all known and loved in the JRPG genre for years. Klein Cryoz, a gifted Cipher with telekinetic abilities and the personal bodyguard of Princess Ellemine Rave, finds himself caught up in a twist of unfavorable events. Journey into the galaxy of Xerxes and enter Klein's life, as he finds himself caught up in a galactic feud. Along the way, the fragments of his long-forgotten dark past surface, piece by piece. Will he be able to do his duty, withstand the pressure of a brewing war, all the while having his past haunt him? Features - Rich background story and varieties of alien planets to explore. - A Cast of colorful characters who each have their own interesting background stories. - Side-quests and Optional bosses. - 25 to 30 hours of gameplay. - Discover different extraterrestrial races and their cultures. - Emotionally involving story-line with interesting twists. - Immersive Sci-fi setting. - Gameplay that seeks to bring out the love of nostalgia from RPG gamers. - Animated Side-view Battle System.
Get lost in the Squishy-verse! Squishies is a head-scratching, puzzle focused VR platformer where you guide courageous and cute creatures through a series of increasingly hazardous, challenging mazes. Use unique motion controls, custom designed for VR, to push and pull the Squishies through their adventures in a colorful universe full of strange flora and fauna. Keep those little rascals safe while they climb, jump, fly and teleport-by-fish through 100 levels in five alien worlds.! You push and pull the Squishies from one side of the maze to the other, all while earning medals, gathering crystals, climbing slopes, and avoiding pitfalls. Explore a huge universe, across 100 levels in five different worlds. A game truly made for VR - the controls and design were specifically designed for this dimension. Challenge yourself - gather all the crystals, beat the clock or find the hidden egg in each level. Level Editor - Squishies really comes into its own with its innovative, fully featured community creation tools. The same tools we used to build the game! Share your levels with your friends and the rest of the world - cross-platform! The Squishies are in need of a hero! A long time ago, aliens invaded the Squishy-verse after discovering that it harbours a huge number of crystals which can be used as energy sources. Now long gone, they have left the Squishies stranded all over the five worlds of their universe. Fortunately the aliens also left behind one of their crystal collectors. This is where you come in - take control, operate the alien fish and save your friends by finally rolling them home! Valve Index Support Although the game is playable with Valve Index, we ask for your understanding that we have not yet mapped the control scheme. Therefore some buttons might do different things than you expect them to - but just try them out and you'll get it!
Prepare to deliver gifts and sh!t down chimney's in Santa's Special Delivery! Santa's tracking who is naughty and nice - good boys and girls get gifts, bad boys and girls get coal, and absolutely rotten children get a code brown from Santa's downtown. Too EXTREME for Apple, too OFFENSIVE for your children, too HARDCORE for your FACE! Player's take control of Santa's sleigh - complete with twelve tiny, exploding reindeer - to help him travel city to city to perform his Christmas Eve deliveries. At the end of each city exists a single house - one with someone just so rotten, that Santa has to pop a squat on their chimney and squeeze out a growler. Why call Santa when you can jump in the sleigh and get to work? Now that's what I'm talking about!
Experience a weird, relentless solar tour in this randomly generated space rogue-lite. Travel from Planet X to Earth while fending off endless waves of attackers. What is the payload? A 'superstar' nuclear bomb. What is the mission? To make her famous! Does it makes sense? Ask the 'scientist' who built that thing! While working on his latest nuclear bomb, Dr. Leopold had a revelation. He wasn't creating a weapon of mass destruction; he was creating a nuclear superstar! Was it the radiation sickness or was Leopold always insane like this? Who knows and who cares? Now you must do his bidding and tour the solar system with Celine, his dear bomb. Who would not be thrilled to host the concert of a nuclear bomb under the control of a clearly insane scientist? Everybody it seems, that's why they are all trying to destroy Leopold's creation. Fight using ranged and melee weapons while blocking attacks with your shield. Manage your bomber and make difficult choices: Do you repair that flaming part, heal that nearly-dead crewman or upgrade your stats? Unlock 9 playable ships. Over 100 different possible crew members, from humans to space bears. 64 different weapons, from puny rifles to nuclear mortars. Over 20 different scientifically inaccurate environments, such as space whale pods and planetary atmospheres. Over 70 enemy types with variations including, Scavengers, Fascist Cats and Pugs from space, Giant insects and Dr. Leopold's experimental rejects. Fight giant bosses on 8 different worlds from Pluto to Earth. Upgrade your ships, modify your famous payload, assemble the perfect crew and buy destructive weapons. Choose your challenge: do you dock at this station and spend 3 minutes dodging an angry Planetoid or do you skip that shop for an easier run through a colorful space aurora? Did that giant insect-shrimp thing at saturn give you a beating before it died in chunks of meat? Just hit that detonate button and blow up your nuclear superstar. That'll show the others. Die a lot, master the game and win a well-deserved victory. Work for the solar system's ultimate genius, Dr. Leopold from Planet X. Saving the universe is common, there is nothing of that sort here, it's just an absurd quest for nuclear celebrity.
Bright Bird contains various elements: stories, explorations, and puzzles. The game is designed to be a seamless side-scrolling world full of challenging puzzles. Control Yao the heroine or Xuan the hero to begin your exciting journey, and find the bright bird to solve the smog crisis! Traditional Oriental Culture Many cultural relic elements were added to display the traditional oriental culture. Cross the Dimension We also created a sense of depth by optimizing level designs and visual arts. Interesting Puzzles Enjoy a large number of well-designed and ingenious puzzles! Collecting System Invite characters with unique personalities to join your team, they'll help you in puzzle solving.
Enter the world of underground car racing to save your brother. It's not going to be easy, but taking part in the Super Arcade Racing tournament is the only way you can see your brother again and solve the mystery behind the organisation that kidnapped him. A full story with over 60 different tracks in 5 different biomes to race on in your quest to save your brother. Customise the shape and colour of your car, with over a billion possible combinations you're sure to find something you like! You can also upgrade the performance of your vehicle to keep up with your rivals. Play against racers from around the world in online cross-platform multiplayer on our dedicated server or play with up to 4 players at once in local multiplayer. Compete for the glory of having the best time in the world on a track. Use practice mode to race your ghost and beat your personal best.
Story After an unexpected turn of events in a secluded mountain cabin, Cassandra finds herself trapped in her own twisted dreams. To escape she must explore these nightmares and uncover their meaning through her own lost memories. As she travels deeper into the world of dreams it soon becomes clear that nothing is like it seemed at first glance. Help her see through all the lies and reveal the dark secret hidden deep in her mind that threatens to destroy her. Gameplay Defeat powerful foes in epic battles. Think outside the box to find and exploit their weakness! Each fight will be different and will test your knowledge of its mechanics to the limit. Fast reflexes and good strategy will be of utmost importance especially on hard difficulty, but fights will be much more forgiving on easier ones. Evade traps and run from enemies. Use your skills to tear down barriers, break out of snares and survive deadly spells. Every chapter consists of many sections filled with dangerous obstacles - in order to get through you will have to plan your path and skill usage so that you don't end up trapped or cornered with no way out. In most cases you won't be able to kill your foes directly however that doesn't mean you cannot leverage the environment to help you out! And if you make a mistake and die, don't worry, there are many checkpoints along the way! You will also encounter many puzzles that will stand in your way. Solve witty riddles, find the right combination of runes or test your reflexes by quickly pushing buttons to clear obstacles so you can pass an otherwise dangerous section of a level! Mystery Search for memory fragments hidden all over the world and use them to piece together the true story of Cassandra. Some will be easy to find, while others might be hidden further from the main path, guarded by enemies or even hidden behind secret doors! How many of Cassandra's memories you manage to recover is important for the outcome of her journey, so make sure you find them all! Challenge Complete each chapter without dying or in a time limit to earn special badges and achievements. Higher difficulties award better badges and more prestigious achievements! Pick the right perks to make your task easier - there are several that will make obtaining these special badges much easier. Each chapter also features a different set of enemies and traps so tailoring your build to the challenges before you will help you a long way! Furthermore, perks found in later chapters are kept so that you can replay older chapters with a more powerful build. Features A thrilling story full of twists and turns that will take a couple of hours to complete Many unique environments including a decaying marsh, colorful Japanese gardens and dark catacombs Several useful skills to help you on your journey, each with its own advantages and drawbacks A tiered perk system to further alter the way you play Made for both casual and more experienced gamers - choose a difficulty that suits you and enjoy the game to the fullest
Patty's brother has been possessed by the God of Poverty and the whole family has become poor, with huge debts... This is the beginning of Patty's struggle! To pay back the debts, let's open a tavern in Marenia, gather ingredients, and start cooking! Run the adventure tavern how you like! Collect ingredients and cook new dishes above 600! You get level ups not by defeating monsters, but by eating food. Train your characters, conquer new dungeons, and aim to get new ingredients through exploration, farming, fishing, and many more ways! What will your tavern be like?
Little Comet is a cute physics-based space minigolf Guide Little Comet on her long journey around the sun. Meet new friends and collect candy while you slingshot your way past the planets of our Solar System. Dodge gravity fields, ride the solar wind, and avoid perils like electric storms and hot planets to reach the next wormhole that takes you one step closer to your mother, the sun. Minigolf on a cosmic scale Slingshot yourself across space and bounce off planets and ride their gravity to reach goal Complete secondary objectives to earn extra stars Use stars to unlock all 48 courses Casual turn-based fun Easy to learn, hard to master No planet is alike. New gameplay elements keep the courses interesting Secondary objectives include laid back tasks with no time limit Suitable for even the youngest players Cute characters and colorful courses Simple user interface with minimal texts No ads or in-app purchases Children learn about the planets and our solar system while having fun
Solve puzzles in the world's most adorable donut factory! A dozen dozen dazzling donut dilemmas await you, that's 144 puzzles to please your particular puzzley passions. To excite and delight there are mechanics galore; from splitters to pushers, mergers and cloners, randomizers, teleporters, and more! What's your favorite donut? Sweet and sprinkled... a jolly jelly-filled... perhaps a marvelous maple bar? What about one shaped like a pumpkin, a snowflake, or a star! Discover many a whimsical shape as you explore a sweet skyscape of pastry possibilities. Journey through this sweet sensation accompanied by soothing narration. A calming voice over focused on positivity guides you through each puzzle with assuring affability. With pleasant pastels and mesmerizing machines the satisfying scenes will catch your eyes and mesmerize! Each of a dozen donut boxes brings its own fetching flavor; a taste of autumn, a sip of summer, a whisper of winter. Days in the sun. Nights under the moon. And each world with its own special tune. The lullabies of these pastel skies are all unique and each reaches its peak when you find your way and set your factory to play!
Drawkanoid is a neon-drenched love letter to brick breaking games. We took out all the boring bits, like paddles, and turned everything up to 11! The ball moves at hyperspeed, shattering everything into explosion-filled eyecandy. Bullet time lets you react at the speed of thought. Tactically deployable powerups let you decide exactly when to go into full ludicrous mode. Unlock Countdown and Zen modes to up the tension or zone out and smash therapeutically beautiful glowing patterns. You've never played something quite like this.
Meet Nate, the Light Apprentice, and take part in his journey through a kind of 'Comic GameBook' experience like you've never seen before! Get collectibles and extras, customize and evolve your characters, fight or befriend monsters, and decide how Nate's story unfolds. RISE OF A HERO When life in the world of Ethenia is threatened by the corruption of the Yhrosian Empire, a hero will rise to protect the Planet and its people. Meet Nate, the Light Apprentice, and take part in his journey through a kind of 'Comic GameBook' experience like you've never seen before! After having spent 300 years in a deep sleep, Nate wakes up to a world ravaged by war.The Planet's environment is damaged and on the course to destruction. Only Nate and the 4 other last remaining Apprentices may have the key to restore balance to the Planet's environment, thus saving the world. YOUR GAME, YOUR CHOICES In Light Apprentice, comic book and game are integrated in a brand new way. Your decisions and actions will determine what kind of characters Nate and his friends will become. Get collectibles and extras, customize and evolve your characters, fight or befriend monsters, and decide how Nate's story unfolds. FEATURES A comic book-game in which you can make your own choices that affect the story Build your characters based on your own choices: be a warrior or a pacifist! Collect items and equipmentto improve your characters' stats Engage or spare the life of several kinds of monsters and bosses A unique graphic style based on hand-drawn art Epic, touching, action-packed storyline AN EPIC SAGA IS COMING Chapters 1-4 are available now, comprising Volume 1 of 3. Follow our journey on social media to know when the next chapter is out!
Award-winning same-screen party racing for up to 16 players! Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat. Connect spare gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers. Features Addictive racing mayhem for all ages featuring brutal-cute aliens, exotic locations and absurd weapon powerups Squeeze 16 local players onto the same screen using gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers Battle friends and family on the couch, compete against others online, or play career mode solo against punishing bots Highly customizable party game modes with dozens of gameplay modifiers and presets for endless variety Simple controls for newcomers, with advanced strategies for veteran players Round-based combat ensures quick respawns and allows drop-in drop-out play
History Sorrounded by a dark atmosphere and a captivating character, Dreamer will show an experience unlikely to be forgotten, It will feature acts divided into several levels, revealing a history full mysteries. Experience Dreamer expresses melancholic moments through the difficulties presented by the character, who creates a fantasy universe seeking to interact and accomplish things he cannot on his real plane. Through the experiences lived in this other world, Dreamer ensures you fun , hope , and, above all, it conveys a great message of overcoming. With this set full of treasurers, it promises to be something unique for you. Barriers Challenging mechanics and obstacles. Puzzles Intuitive puzzles that reference classics from the past. Fluid movements and a glossy animation. Battles Enemies resembling a nightmare , with many variations in design and behavior .
In Iron Tides, you are a Chieftain who survives the anger of the gods. The fury of the sea is against you in an experience designed to challenge your mind. With your steadfast crew, engage in quick turn-based battles and take every piece of loot your ship will hold. Game Features: A World Without End: Explore a hand-crafted ocean full of danger and chance encounters. Choose your battles carefully and stay vigilant. Diverse Battlefields: Keep your wits about you as you fight the various denizens of the Iron Tides across broken ruins, ancient temples, and the decks of warships. Encounters Upon the High Seas: Explore dusty ruins, bribe corrupt enemy garrisons, and haggle with lost merchants. Build your own story through narrative encounters with multiple solutions. Will you take the effort to plunder statues when your warriors only want food? A Place to Call Home: After a successful voyage, return to your stronghold of Norhaven. Purchase newly available wares, recruit new warriors, and plan the next raiding season. No Two Vikings Exactly Alike: Each viking has four abilities drawn from a pool of seven. In addition, each warrior has a unique, procedurally generated upgrade path, allowing for a diverse range of possibilities. Dead Warriors Live Only In Memory: The halls of Valhalla sing with glory as each Viking meets their end. Unfortunately for you and your crew, your lost warriors will not come back and help on the next raid.
Survive the zombie apocalypse with turn-based combat and permanent death! Manage survivors, go on dangerous scavenging runs, build alliances, craft equipment, make difficult story-influencing decisions, defend your camp against undead hordes and experience non-linear rogue-lite elements. An innovative Indie Survival-RPG! Just after the zombie outbreak you were fortunate enough to join a group of survivors and hole up in their camp. But that doesn't set you out of danger! Food supplies are running low, injured survivors must be tended to and materials need to be scavenged to keep the camp intact. The zombie threat increases steadily and gangs of hostile survivors keep you on the defensive. Every survivor should be protected because you'll need all hands on deck to defend against the dangers of the apocalypse. Scavenge supplies in zombie-infested areas, craft survival gear and buy and sell equipment to keep yourself and your camp members alive long enough to learn the skills necessary for long-term survival. The combat system has its roots in classic role-playing games. You can fight strategically, learn to utilize various weapon types and use a range of bombs or traps. Should you fail to survive the apocalypse, you can purchase upgrades with medals earned in previous playthroughs to give your new character an edge to start with. Unlocked pre-apocalypse professions of your character allow you to specialize in various jobs. Each new playthrough offers different random missions and survivors to meet. A praised feature of Dead Age is its non-linear story with real in-game consequences. Decisions you make in conflict situations affect the story's future. You can choose to be a hero and save more survivors, or let them die to stock up on supplies. You can build romance relationships with other survivors or start rivalries that may have disastrous chain reactions. Daily events offer new dangers and situations in which you must make choices that affect the survival chances of your camp. Live long enough, and you'll have a chance to unlock one of the game's six possible endings.
Bianca is an 18-year-old girl with the dream of going to medical school, owning a flower shop, and eventually, finding love. However, there's one big hurdle that she's constantly reminded of that prevents her from doing all three: her body. When she feels like she can't go anywhere in life because of how she looks, she discovers Jasmine, a plus-size model who exudes the energy that Bianca only dreams of. Will she be the one to help Bianca? Features An original soundtrack Two font options: Default and OpenDyslexic. OpenDyslexic is a dyslexic-friendly font. A 30-minute experience about body positivity and learning to love yourself.
Bring an ancient world to vibrant life as you build and protect a fledgling settlement! Although you are a stranger who has no memory of your life before the day you arrived at a small village in the midst of a vast and untamed wilderness, you are nonetheless a brave and kind soul willing to tackle the challenge of safeguarding a small tribe and guiding them to a better life. Through your training, you will become a skilled builder able to raise small cities out of the ground, and a staunch warrior who can fend off the fiercest dinosaurs! As you tend to your budding civilization - managing your resources well so you can feed and house the villagers - missions will appear on the screen, challenging you to undertake such tasks as clearing a cave of dinosaurs or defending the settlers from an invading army. There will never be a dull moment as you spend hours enjoying addictive gameplay, colorful visuals, and ear-pleasing music and sound effects. Take the first steps on an epic journey to greatness today!
Join Robb and Otto on an adventure! Robbotto is a retro-inspired, arcade game. Play either solo or co-op, as you move from level to level, defeating all the enemies. A gigantic space freighter was slowly gliding through the vastness of cosmos, when suddenly disaster struck! The ship flew straight through a magnetic storm, causing all the robots and machines onboard to go crazy. Luckily, Robb and Otto, the ships top maintenance robots were putting out a fire in the ships shield generator room, and didn't get affected by the storm. Now the two unlikely heroes must travel through the ship and disable all the malfunctioning machines. Classic Arcade Action 100 Levels 20 Different Enemies 10 Huge Bosses Single Player or Local Co-op
Outline Slash through enemies with the Sun Blade, the most powerful weapon in Shmup's history! Overwhelm hordes of enemies with flashy on-screen effects in this super-aggressive vertical scrolling shump! Story The eternal battle between light and darkness has reached its final stage. Just as the darkness was about to consume the universe, Nexalts , a warrior of light, rises once more to fight. Armed with a sword of pure solar energy, he plunges alone deep into the heart of the darkness. The fate of the world now rests on his shoulders... Gameplay Your ship is equipped with the unparalleled firepower of the 'Sun Blade' which consumes life to launch highly destructive attacks. Aim for a high score by destroying anything and everything with a weapon capable of rending through light itself! Features A 90's style 2D Shump where you destroy large numbers of enemies with your powerful ship. Your ship's power is so unparalleled you don't even need extra lives! Use them as a weapon! Highly detailed and intense sprites and destruction animations. A unique score system that encourages risky play by increasing your score the more danger you are in. Story mode with 6 stages to play though. Stage select mode where you can chose stages freely. Ultra hard no-mistakes-allowed boss rush mode. Difficulty levels that automatically adjust to your play style in real time. Unique music that changes in sync with game progression composed by Neotro Inc. of the VRITRA series.
Deep game-play, you constantly have to adapt to how the enemy attacks and defends. Big variation in enemy types. The game offers numerous enemies with different attack patterns and weaknesses. If you enjoy the feeling of satisfaction when triumphing over a difficult foe this might be the game for you. Features Unique game-play mechanics and a real challenge 5 levels to beat with over 20 unique enemies to conquer Replay value in New Game and New Game Plus Set high-scores in an Endless Fighter Mode Controller support Customizable keyboard controls
After your plane flies through a strange rift and crashes, you awake under an unfamiliar sky. This is Sword City, a dark fantasy world that combines magic and technology. Explore, level up, make a perfect team, and slay monsters. But choose your allies carefully if you want to find a way home. In Stranger of Sword City, you must perfect your DRPG skills and navigate your way through Escario, a place of fantasy races, fierce monsters, and treacherous labyrinths. Explore labyrinths to slay the powerful Lineage Type monsters within and take their Blood Crystals to increase your power. Who you decide to trust, be it the Kingdom, Medell Co., or the Strangers Guild, is entirely up to you. But choose wisely. Your fate depends on it.
Escape from Naraka is a first-person action platformer with exotic Balinese themes. Taking huge inspiration from Balinese legends and local mythologies, the game makes you platform your way through a nightmarish temple. Every level will challenge you through several themed stages, each of which giving you new trials to complete. You will have to master the arts of dodging and timing to be able to survive! What are you waiting for? Play now and challenge yourself! Original soundtracks with Balinese instrument Hidden Level waiting to unlock, collect all the secret items to get there Eye-catching ray-traced lighting using RTX Global Illumination and performance boosts from DLSS Unique abilities which are essential for your successful escape 3D scan technology was used to build this unique world, so most of the environmental assets exist in real life Lots of secrets to uncover for those who are keen enough to find them Leaderboards for each level and one for the complete run so you can see how you fare against others We would love you to get the best experience in the Escape from Naraka game. Please click 'PLEASE NOTE' image above to get some tips from the Developer. We are a 3-person team of indie game developers. We have one Artist, one Programmer, and one Game Designer. Come join our Discord and feel free to chat with us.
THE LORE You are one of the most bloodthirsty criminals in the galaxy. The number of your victims is almost more than people hanged for the betrayal of the Empire. They caught you, and it seems that you definitely will face death penalty. But the corrupt galactic system gives you a second chance. The Emperor, for his personal pleasure, starts hosting galactic games of survival among the most bloodthirsty killers, and the people who are even worse: democratic rebels. For that purpose, they built up a huge network of rooms filled with deadly traps. A manic smile appears on your face, because you know that the most deadly thing in the universe is you. Take part in the HALF DEAD 2 and show what you're capable of! KEY FEATURES Co-op and PvP game modes Futuristic network of rooms A bunch of deadly traps in each room Weapons to kill each other and protective equipment Up to 16 players playing with you on the same map Character customization Multiple floors
It's Raiding Season! Assemble a crew and outfit a longboat to raid settlements for gold and fame! Impress your Chieftain in glorious battle and win your place among the legends of the North Sea in this digital adaptation of the award-winning board game! The Official Digital Adaptation of the Award-Winning Board Game! Plunder your way to adventure as Raiders of the North Sea brings the strategy and fun of the hit tabletop game to digital life! Cross-Platform Play! Sail dangerous waters with cross-platform online play! Raiders of the North Sea is available on: PC on Steam iTunes for iOS phones and tablets Google Play for Android phones and tablets Nintendo Switch Deep Worker Placement Strategy! Each turn you'll harvest resources twice: first by placing one worker, and then by recovering a different one! Use your resources to hire a Viking crew and outfit your longboat! Send your crew on daring raids to win gold and glory! Survive battles with the legendary Valkyrie...or honor your Chieftain in a glorious death! Amass Plunder and make sacrificial Offerings to win! Upgrade Your Longboat! Complete objectives to improve your longboat! Many Ways to Raid! Turn-Based Strategy lets you play at your own pace! Learn the Oars in a full tutorial that teaches you the strategy of the game! Explore the North Sea in a 10-game campaign! Lead Your People in single-player games against AI opponents! Rise to Greatness in multiplayer battles!
OVERVIEW: Discover the latest adventure from Pendulo Studios, creators of the Runaway series! 'Yesterday Origins' will take the immortal heroes, John Yesterday and his other half Pauline, not only across the world, but across history itself. This interwoven narration gives the plot its depth and richness. It's 1481. In the dead of night, young John is publically humiliated and dragged through the street. He is imprisoned by the Spanish Inquisition under suspicion of witchcraft. Later, he undergoes an alchemical transformation making him immortal. But something goes wrong, after each resurrection, John completely forgets who he is. In the current day, John is living with Pauline in Paris his immortal partner. They are searching for an artefact that is needed to make the potion again. During their investigation, they will have to face dangerous new protagonists who want to steal their secrets... KEY FEATURES : Pendulo Studios: over 20 years of adventure gaming experience An original story taking place over several different eras A mix of different styles: investigation, thriller, adventure, occultism Off-the-wall dark humor typical of the studio Over 10 different places to visit, and over 50 backgrounds More than 25 colorful characters An original soundtrack Adapted to mouse and controllers
Play with 4-15 player online or via local WiFi as you attempt to prepare your spaceship for departure, but beware as one or more random players among the Crew are Impostors bent on killing everyone! Originally created as a party game, we recommend playing with friends at a LAN party or online using voice chat. Enjoy cross-platform play between Android, iOS, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Coming soon to Xbox and PlayStation, which will also feature crossplay. Win by completing tasks to prepare the ship or ejecting all Impostors. React quickly to undo the Impostor's sabotages. Check the Admin map and Security cameras to keep tabs on other Crewmates. Report any dead bodies immediately to start discussion of who the suspected Impostor is. Call emergency meetings to discuss suspicious behavior. Vote to eject suspected Impostors. Kill crewmates and frame bystanders. Pretend to run tasks to blend in with the crewmates. Sneak through the vents to quickly move about the ship. Use sabotages to cause chaos and divide the crew. Close doors to trap victims and kill in private. Features Customization: Pick your color, hat, skin, and pet. Lots of game options: Add more Impostors, more tasks, and so much more! 4 different maps to play in: The Skeld, MIRA HQ, Polus, and the Airship. Quickly find a game online from the host list. In-game text chat. Rich Discord integration. Cross-platform play between PC, Android, and iOS!
Fate. Free will. Identity. Confront these philosophical issues and more in Zunius, a psychedelic rogue-like bullet hell. Beneath the stars, the moon and the infinite you will navigate this celestial journey as the mysterious traveller. Whom are you? Where are you? What is the nature of this universe? How can you possibly dodge all these bullets? Play this game to find answers. Key Features Infinitely replayable - discover billions of unique procedurally generated worlds Gather dozens of powerups that combine in mysterious ways Encounter multiple enemies, wave and boss formations Take risks and strategize to reap secret rewards Find friends who help you on your journey DODGE BULLETS AND SHOOT THINGS!
Game features: You can import local pictures! Create your favorite jigsaw album! Unlimited amount of big, ever lasting custom jigsaw album! Use F12 screenshots to share your artistic taste with the world's players. The picture can be JPG within 1920X1080. Unlimited extension custom custom library to replace default background music! You can customize the puzzle! There is no language barrier. Press the right mouse button to show digital prompts!
Turbo Dismount is a kinetic tragedy about Mr. Dismount and the cars who love him. It is the official sequel to the wildly popular and immensely successful personal impact simulator - Stair Dismount. The highlights of this experience are multiple vehicles, an awesome replay system, level editing features, high-speed physics and an indiscriminate sense of style . The purpose of the game is simple - damage awards points. It is up to you to try different combinations of obstacles, vehicles, poses and levels to make it to the top of the leaderboards. To support friendly rivalry, Turbo Dismount supports placing a photo of your friend on the face of Mr. Dismount - such a delightful way to express one's emotions!
October 22, 2009 - Update Wargaming.net has released free Downloadable Content for Order of War. The DLC will download automatically the next time you launch the game. This DLC contains all the formerly exclusive pre-order items which include: Heavy Bomber Squadrons - Addition of German Arado and Allied B-24 Marauder heavy bomber units to air support Infantry Mortar Launchers - Addition of infantry mortar units Off-Map Heavy Artillery - Addition of heavy artillery strikes to the air support menu Survival Mission Mode - New survival mission mode where you fend off waves of attacking enemies for as long as possible  About Order of War In the summer of 1944, the Second World War entered its end-game when the Allies launched two major operations that would drive back German forces on both the Western and Eastern Fronts at once. Their names were Overlord and Bagration. Overlord famously commenced with the D-Day landings in Normandy and ended in the Liberation of Paris, while Bagration - a far less well-known but far larger Russian operation - crushed the invading German forces in the east, leading to their complete withdrawal from Soviet territory. Had either operation been unsuccessful, history could have been very different. In the ultimate test of military strategy, Order of War will challenge you not only to lead America's finest to victory in the west, but also place you in command of the German forces charged with repelling the Red Army's seemingly unstoppable offensive in the east. Even the keenest military minds will find that it's one thing to make history, but quite another to change it. ...Do you have what it takes to command? Key features: Experience WWII warfare on an epic, cinematic stage; that truly captures the intensity and scale of the battlefield. Take Command of an entire armoured force consisting of up to 1000 soldiers, tank divisions, armoured vehicles, heavy artillery and air force. Players can choose between two different campaign modes offering completely different storyline, missions, objectives and environments. Experience the unique dynamic camera that allows players to command troops over huge geographical scale whilst maintaining movie-like vistas and detail.
Quantum jump your way to critical velocity in Boson X: the rotational runner set in a particle collider. Build up speed inside a massive particle accelerator and generate high-energy collisions to discover strange new particles. Use precise timing and fast reflexes to navigate a subatomic world where floors and ceilings don't exist. Be fast enough to find the elusive Boson X. Features: Fast-paced, unforgiving gameplay 18 challenging levels to master 3 highly qualified physicists to play as Steam leaderboards and achievements No superfluous powerups, coins or XP systems - just deadly serious scientific research WARNING: This game contains flashing lights.
Sluggy Jean Takes a Hike is a game about Sluggy Jean's Journey through 50 unique mazes. They utilize their sticky slug faculties to jump onto walls and find their way through each maze. After enough levels, They challenge the Universe! And after doing so, Sluggy Jean finds themself endeavoring their best to elude through each maze in an endeavor to take down the challenger.
Experience true survival with a wink in the world of Immune - the new open-world online game. Survive the wastelands with the help of your friends and your hand crafted weapons. Build your own fort to defend yourself and your hard earned loot from evil mutants, bandits or reckless players. Features: Multiplayer survival with XP, ranks and missions. Optional PVP and PVE with wild animals, soldiers and mutants. Craft weapons, clothing or tools and build your own fort. Plant, grow and harvest your own food or just go fishing. Open cases and collect, trade or win rare Steam Inventory items to customize your character. Health conditions, medicine, vehicles, trading and much more to discover. XP: Experience Points PVP: Player Versus Player PVE: Player Versus Environment
Mr. Shadow is a 2D graphic adventure game. The player uses a simple point and click interface to solve diverse puzzles. Enter a surreal and dark world inhabited by shadows.
The Jean-Paul Software Screen Explosion! is here to bring stunning generative art to your desktop! Pack 'Mystify' and 'Bubbles' away forever and get your computer showing you something truly special, with this collection of eleven modern, multi-monitor, customisable, 3D screensavers. One screen good, four screens great If you've got multiple monitors, use the accompanying settings tool and test card to calibrate them with their physical position and size, giving the impression of a single giant screen. If that's not to your taste, there's options for displaying on a single screen, or mirroring the output to each. And don't worry- if you've only got one screen, that'll work just as well. Profiles are generated for each combination of screens you connect, so when you add or remove them the software will adapt. And that's not all Incredible fish simulation! Mind-bending fun with LIDAR! Hypnotic suggestion of family members and co-workers! Hallowe'en and Christmas screensavers! PYLONS OF THE WORLD! Steam Workshop support! Steam Achievements! Impress your guests with PARTY MODE! Free updates, forever! Digital art without any of that NFT rubbish! and much, much more! Whether you've got one monitor or five, the JEAN-PAUL SOFTWARE SCREEN EXPLOSION! will blow a hole right through your desk and into your heart.
Follow The OrangeRice to a strange world and help him get back home with the help of two other characters. This world is full of weird creatures so follow along to this 2D pixel art shooter and join the madness! What is happening?! The OrangeRice fell onto this strange world and now he needs to go back home, some things seem strange... Two game modes? Inside this game there are two different games with different gameplay but each one complement the other and is essential for the story! This is a game in which is inspired by the cultural and other elements from the state of Nayarit, you will see local businesses that are located in the same state and the map itself is a direct reference, all that and much more!
Unloop is a calm and minimalist puzzle game designed to provide a soothing and engaging experience. Your goal is to eliminate all the blue portals, embarking on a journey of thoughtful problem-solving. Experience an absence of text, intrusive tutorials, timers, and distractions. Immerse yourself in the calming melodies of the soundtrack as you engage with each puzzle at your own pace. Unloop offers a series of 150 meticulously crafted levels that gradually progress in complexity, introducing new elements that require creativity and out-of-the-box-thinking. As you progress, you'll encounter a variety of puzzles that seamlessly blend familiar mechanics with innovative concepts, creating a captivating and distinctive gameplay experience. Whether you're a seasoned puzzle enthusiast or new to the genre, Unloop offers a unique challenge that appeals to a broad range of players. Key Features: Enjoy a stress-free, relaxing puzzle-solving adventure. Solve your way through 150 intricately designed levels, each increasing in complexity. Experience a distraction-free environment with no text or interruptions. Explore progressively introduced elements and mechanics. Immerse yourself in a soothing ambient soundtrack. Crafted over 2.5 years by a solo developer.
Backstory Trechearean Kingdom. A Kingdom that sometime ago lost its ruler Heraclius II. The beloved king left behind a sole heir, a young maiden. While at the moment the Princess has yet to be crowned as a Queen to inherit her right for the throne, the kingdom is currently ruled by the Duchies and Duchesses. These men and women have formed what is called a Senate, which currently holds nearly all the power of Trechearean Kingdom. With the upcoming crowning of the Princess into a Queen, it is becoming quite clear that the Senate does not want to let go off its power...
Play as Pep-Pel, a magician cursed to be a small red goblin, in this fluid and fast paced platformer! Explore 8 unique worlds in the search of monstrous treasure chests that cursed her. Hundreds of hand drawn assets make up each world the player will travel to. Try not to be too greedy, with hundreds of collectables in each level, and medals you can win for beating levels quickly! Key Features -Momentum Based Platformer: Pep-Pel is a momentum based platformer, where the player runs through large scale levels. -High Replayability Value: The game is made to encourage the player to replay each level to improve how fast they can finish a level, along with having collectables in each level. -Unique Level Mechanics: Each of the games 8 main levels have there own unique mechanic, including; candy projectiles, rope, lazers, chase mechanics, wind, water, and poison -Robust Customization Options: Unlock many different costumes as you progress through the game. Costumes can be unlocked by beating levels or by collecting collectables. Momentum Based Platformer -Momentum System: run as fast as you can through each level to beat them as fast as possible. With a focus on building momentum as you play, skilled players will be rewarded by being able to move at extreme speeds through levels. -Curved Surfaces: Curved and natural surfaces are a main focus of level design. Using a system that allow the player to move across any style of surface geometry, level design is not restricted to blocky pixel surfaces -Movement Mechanics: Pep-Pel has a large variety of different movement mechanic. All of which can help the player move fluidly through levels. -Fast and challenging: Players will die often so player deaths are made to be quick and satisfying, allowing the player to retry quickly. Armour can be found hidden around levels, this allows the player to survive one extra hit of damage before they die. Level mechanics -Each level has its own unique mechanic: New Mechanics are introduced naturally at the start of a level and get more complex as the level progresses -Hard Mode: Hard mode levels incorporate mechanics from multiple different levels Visuals -Level Worlds: Every level exists in its own unique world, allowing level designs to be creative and involve anything that would be fun as a visual. -Color Palette: Each level is designed with a unique color palette and style to make them visually distinct. -Hundreds of unique animations: Pep-Pel is animated with over 150 unique animations. These are blended together in gameplay. -Animation blending: animations are combined as the character moves to make character animation more dynamic and natural. -Actually 3D!: Pep-Pel is animated as a unique 3D model using 2D stylization, this allows for more extreme and dynamic animations to be made.
Survival-adventure VR game with the history in the background. We have to run away from Siberia. During World War II, the Russians deported by trains several hundred thousand people from Eastern Europe, including Poland to Siberia for work camps. You play as one of the displaced people. Our task is to escape from the train and survive in the Siberian taiga in Virtual Reality.
Avadon 2: The Corruption is a huge, indie fantasy role-playing adventure, the second chapter in the epic Avadon trilogy. You will serve the keep of Avadon, working as a spy and warrior to fight the enemies of your homeland. As a servant of the Black Fortress, your word is law. Experience an exciting fantasy role-playing adventure as you try to save your homeland from civil war and fiery destruction. Avadon 2: The Corruption is an epic fantasy role-playing adventure in an enormous and unique world. You can choose from five different character classes, each with dozens of unique spells and abilities. Explore cunning dungeons, hunt for hundreds of magical artifacts, and travel through an enormous world, full of secrets. Avadon 2 features many different endings. Save your people, or betray them. The choice is yours! Key Features: Epic fantasy role-playing adventure in an enormous and unique world. Five different character classes, with dozens of unique spells and abilities. Uncover the fascinating histories of Avadon and the many lands of Lynaeus. Many different endings. Will you be loyal to Avadon or switch sides and bring it down? The choice is yours! Dozens of side quests, dungeons, and secrets to discover. Hundreds of magical items to find. Use powerful crystals to make your artifacts even more powerful. Huge adventure with lots of replay value. Experience with Avadon: The Black Fortress is entirely unnecessary to enjoy Avadon 2.
Gameplay The goal is to make all the items fit in your inventory, while all your guns are loaded and your life is not too low. Arrange items to make them fit: Examine itens to gather infos: Reload your weapons: Combine herbs to make porwerfull healling itens: Combine gunpowders to create ammo: Features Use your organizing skills to make all your items fit. Use your logical thinking to use the items in the right order to free some spaces. Understand the format of several items to find the best fitting. 40 unique handmade levels. Relaxing music and sound effects made for the game!
NEO NEO is a super fast, brutal top-down arcade game, inspired by the likes of Hotline Miami and Super Hexagon. Use a devastating teleport ability to leap from enemy to enemy, stealing weapons and killing all in one explosive move. Steal your enemies souls and weapons with the devastating teleport ability. Say no more to grabbing the wrong damn weapon! The teleport ability allows you to jump to any enemy, killing them and taking their fully loaded weapon. Kill as many enemies as possible to improve your score within the never-ending Temple but beware, a none relenting flood is dead on your heels, every second stealing away all the souls you are too slow to kill yourself. Bullets move fast but you move faster. Adrenaline kicks in when bullets are heading straight for your heart, giving you a hefty speed boost and slowing down time. Unlock a wide range of perks that dramatically affect the way you hunt the enemy. Want to go on a shotgun frenzy? Be my guest! But be careful, each perk comes with deadly traits! Have your eyes metaphorically boiled by an array of vibrant colours and effects, allowing over 5 different stunning colours due to state of the art technology. The Temple is randomly generated on each run to allow for a constant flow of varied and bloody death.
Lightfield HYPER Edition is a hyper-futuristic precision racing game with a one-of-a-kind parkour-inspired gameplay mechanic. Utilize every aspect of your surroundings as you master your anti-gravity spaceship to scale walls, ceilings and more in an attempt to find the perfect racing line. Explore beyond the boundaries of a traditional racing experience and lose yourself in the aesthetics of the striking environments, abstract architecture, and futuristic soundscapes of the hard-hitting electronic soundtrack from Zanshin. The new HYPER Edition features solo play, online multiplayer and a couch split-screen mode. Moreover, it features a host of new content, from new a new campaign to an all-new trick system, a photo mode and stunning enhanced visuals. Key Features EXPLORE, SPIN, SOAR : Utilise your anti-gravity ship to traverse any surface you see as you seek the perfect racing line A RACE LIKE NO OTHER : Combine thoughtful track exploration with skillful tricks and smooth cruising as you cruise through your hyper-futuristic surrounds TAKE IT ALL IN : Let the stunning sci-fi aesthetics wash over you as you drift through abstract architecture in your race to the top DIFFERENT GAME MODES : Choose from three hypnotic game modes: campaign, multiplayer and the photo mode MULTIPLAYER : Compete in online 6 player races or play in local multiplayer splitscreen for up to 4 players SINK INTO THE SOUNDS : Tune in to the dreamlike beats of the soundtrack carefully crafted by Viennese electronic musician Zanshin NEW HYPER EDITION FEATURES : Packed full of new content, from new campaign and competitive local multiplayer modes to an all-new trick system and stunning visuals.
Master over 100 dungeons and 3 worlds in this dungeon crawler card game that puts YOU in control of the dungeon cards. Rearrange the dungeon cards to collect loot before rolling dice to slay foes with your nunchucks. Will you chug a power drank before you fight the vampire cat? Or should you cast a spell and sip the power milk? Read the cards carefully to make the right choices. Activate dungeon cards in the right order to build streaks for extra power. Tactics are everything. CONQUER Dungeon crawl through 3 whacky worlds--Suburbia, the Haunted Forest, and the Deadly Dojo. The mailmen of suburbia are really mad about something, I'm not sure what, but they're throwing envelopes at me and it really hurts! This dungeon crawler card game is easy to pick up and hard to master. Activate cards in the right order for powerful streak bonuses, and unleash spells at just the right time to dominate the dungeon. CRAWL Descend through the multiple levels of each dungeon to slay tougher challengers. Rearrange the dungeon cards to face foes in the order you choose. Drink health drank to recover HP and power milk for an attack boost. Roll a D4, D6, or D8 based on your weapon to determine your damage. With several types of dungeons including endless dungeons, this dungeon crawler card game will challenge you and provide countless hours of fun. COLLECT With a huge collection of whacky weapons, shields, and characters, Knights of the Card Table gives you plenty to achieve, and tons of tactical options. Play as a Sodamancer for an extra punch from potions, then pick up a riot shield and some brass knuckles to slay your foes with style. Also, everything looks so cool you'll want to collect it all. People always ask us, 'Can I carry cool weapons like this in real life?' No, you cannot. COWABUNGA This hilarious card crawl will delight you with its incredible art style, soundtrack, and puntastic dialogue. Chug a gallon of power milk for strong bones before heading into battle. Collect ice pops to buy new goodies and put your gold coins in your piggy bank to save up for a new, ahem, flash saber. This dungeon crawling card game has a captivating style all its own.
Flip is a a puzzle game for your eyes and your brain. It has a simple and easy to understand mechanic, but the possible combinations on each puzzle will require deep thinking to solve them in the minimum number of moves. Play just to chill out or to exercise your brain. It contains four puzzle types designed to challenge your perception in different ways: Simple: match the colors in as few moves as possible. Sided: match both colors and orientations. Wired: untangle the puzzle! Follow the cable to find the correct position. Image: reconstruct the image form the broken parts. Puzzles are solved by matching the correct order for the pieces. Each solved puzzle earns stars, which are used to unlock further levels and puzzle types. Some puzzles types require you to pay attention not only to the colors and symbols, but also to the orientation of the pieces. Others types will provide different visual clues. There are 25 Achievements to unlock, you will need to master all puzzles and levels to collect them.
You're alone at home in the 1990s, and you heard about the 'adult internet' at school. How deep can you dive into the Internet without being caught? Do you even like this stuff? Ever miss the anxious feeling of being a kid exploring adult websites for the first time? We have good news for you! Through interactive fiction elements combined with ASCII styled art, You Must be 18 or Older to Enter blurs several genres together to bring you that exact terrifying experience. You Must be 18 or Older to Enter is a short alternative text-based horror game. There are no monsters. There is no death. Only you, 1990s Internet, and the fear of being caught. You Must be 18 or Older to Enter is free to download and play.
Description 'The Baron's daughter is missing, and you are the man to find her. No problem. With your inexhaustible arsenal of hard-boiled similes, there is nothing you can't handle.' PataNoir is a homage to the classic stories of hard-boiled private investigators with a knack for describing everything with complex similes and metaphors. In PataNoir, you solve problems by manipulating the hard-boiled metaphors used by the main character to make sense of the world in which he lives. The game is an old-school text adventure, in which you type commands to perform actions. Features An interactive noir mystery to experience and solve Innovative interactive fiction gameplay in which the metaphors you live by become tools to solve the mystery Simulated book interface Atmospheric illustrations by Lauri Ahonen and Tom Siddell Original theme song by postmodern rock musician William Steffey
Maquette is a first-person recursive puzzle game that takes you into a world where every building, plant, and object are simultaneously tiny and staggeringly huge. Maquette makes it possible by twisting the world into itself recursively in an MC Escher-esque fashion. Head to the center of the world and you'll feel like a giant, towering over buildings and walls. But venture further out, and start to feel small as things get larger and larger - to the point where cracks in the ground become chasms. In Maquette you will explore the scales of everyday problems in a modern-day love story. Where sometimes the smallest of issues can become insurmountable obstacles.
Painters Guild is a management sim where you control an art academy in the Italian Renaissance. Paint artwork as beautiful as the Mona Lisa. Hire painters like Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo and millions of randomly generated artists. Expand your guild and customize it with furniture and other options. Play in 3 different cities: Florence, Venice and Rome.
'An awakening wrapped in self-discovery' GAMEPLAY The Song of Seven is a single player third-person adventure game. NARRATIVE - This game definitely has sheep - Also has at least one old man - Adventure around the world of Pria, solve some tricky puzzles. COMPANY Enlightened Games is dedicated to creating a thoughtful, enriching, positive interactive experience for our players. Like a novel or film - we truly believe games can add value to our lives by overcoming obstacles, using intellect, and creating emotional connections. We respect our players intelligence and know everyone is capable of learning organically through the experience.
On this journey you will connect with the dear Master Enodio and with Lanius, Albius's faithful friend. You will hear about the eight Master Explorers and the artist, writer and inventor, the unique and perfect Mivos Esterus. EONIA is a game to be enjoyed alone. A vast and colorful place where you must explore every corner to know its mysteries and legends. You will find books and scrolls that will help you learn new skills and discover the rich history that surrounds it. There are dozens of items and a wide variety of skills. You can navigate by boat and over land to travel long distances in seconds thanks to the Magic Portals that the Forgotten Civilization built years ago. You can build structures and the chests and their mysteries will not be a difficult task if you have a lockpick and the necessary knowledge. A skill tree will show you everything you already know and how much you need to learn. Let's not forget that Albius is a simple apprentice. A complete inventory will allow you to track objects and know their characteristics and uses. A mission journal will allow you to understand what remains to be done and what adventure to continue. Life surrounds each stone and you will have to learn what advantage you can get from it through all kinds of books. Books are an inexhaustible source of knowledge in the EONIA world and there are many of them and, perhaps with a little luck, you will be able to solve the mysteries of EONIA. And let's not forget what Master Enodio always says: 'The one who seeks, shall find a reward.'
Step into the enchanting world of Alphadia, a revitalized epic fantasy RPG series that merges the first two titles, 'Alphadia I' and 'Alphadia II', into a single, captivating adventure. Immerse yourself in a beautifully reimagined world, where attractive characters and their enthralling journey come to life through updated graphics. Experience a richer narrative with the inclusion of cross events, bridging the stories of I and II. Choices made in one game influence the unfolding drama in the other. Unveil the elusive true ending of Alphadia II by conquering both titles and meeting specific conditions. Moreover, delve into a treasure trove of rewards, including enemy catalog, and various other exciting extras. Alphadia I Embark on a compelling journey centered around 'energi', a mystical power harnessed from life energy. After a tumultuous conflict known as the Energi War leaves humanity reeling, peace seems restored following a century of reconstruction. However, the Schwarzschild Empire's declaration of war plunges the world into chaos once more. From the frontier city of Heiland, a new story of resilience and hope unfolds. Alphadia II Two centuries have passed since the Energi Crisis thwarted the empire's ambitions and saved the world from destruction. Yet, the world's life energy wanes, threatening its very existence. Enah, a heroic figure, establishes the Energi Guild to combat this ominous decline. Although the Guild's efforts initially bring stability, a resurgence of energi-related ambitions looms in the shadows, signaling a new wave of challenges and adventures.
Mygnar, the mage, discovered an old book hidden in the depths of a dungeon. With the knowledge contained in the book he will be able to finish his studies and learn a powerful magic, 'Blast magic' . Explore this dungeon-shaped maze, find the key and move to the next level. Find new monsters in each level. Slime: A live goop that chases anyone who comes close. It can be born in different colors. Great Slime: Irregular slime with a menacing appearance. It always chases any threat in its territory. Zombie: A rotten corpse that was resurrected by magic. It has no will of his own, It only fulfills the wishes of those who raised him. Skeleton: A skeleton alive by magic. Like the zombie, it has no will of its own, it only fulfills the wishes of those who raised it. Ghost: The spirit of a dead person, attacks everyone who tries to get closer. Wisp: A bright light that floats wherever you want. Not much is known about this creature, only that it is hostile when it is protecting something of great value. Flaming Skull: A floating skull covered in flame. Chases and attacks those who approach. Shadow: A dark shadow with an evil appearance. It is a very territorialist ghost, chasing anyone who enters his domain until he eliminates him. Witch Spirit: The spirit of a woman who practiced dark magic. After her death, she was cursed to roam the world. Begrorn: A terrible monster created by the mixture of rotting bodies and dark magic. It is a spherical creature, has several tentacles, a giant eye and a mouth with a macabre smile. Cursed Necromancer: When alive, he was a mage specializing in summoning dark creatures and obsessed with figuring out how to resurrect people and other beings. When his time came, he was denied by death and continued his half-life in his rotten body. He attacks with an area spell. Get to the end of the dungeon to unlock the 'Blast magic' spell. Overcome your limits by getting the highest score!
Long Gone Days is an RPG about modern-day conflicts, language barriers, and the human cost of war. After being deployed to his first mission, Rourke leaves The Core 's base for the very first time, only to discover the dark truth about the operation he's part of and the consequences of deserting an inescapable war . Communication is Key: As Long Gone Days is set in the real world, you'll encounter several language barriers. Recruit interpreters in order to communicate with others. Keep Morale High: Choose dialogue options wisely as they impact your party members' Morale, affecting how they perform during battles. While doing so, keep in mind every character has different personality traits and motivations. Sniper Mode: Long Gone Days has two battle systems. Using Rourke's rifle, spot your enemies and take down your targets. No Random Encounters: Long Gone Days features front-view turn-based battles with body-targeting system, and every battle is directly related to the plot.
Experiencing the excitement of bullet shower Excellent visual effect and ultra reality feeling The bosses of enemy with variety attacking skills Variety of new special weapons player is playing a hero in a starship. going to unknown planet to save his girlfriend taken by alien. Can you go through the stage to save your beloved girlfriend ? Develop by unreal4 Engine,the game shows the degree of space as well as a variety of delicate objects, grain, light and shadow, mosaic, and other effects waiting for you to personally experience under high-end VGA, VR visual effect will bring you an amazing and screaming gaming environment!! The basis of the STG is how long you can survive, the longer you alive, the more enemies you can attack, and more score you can get in every stage. Not like a fixed position STG, whenever players change their position, the view will change simultaneously in the side scrolling STG. In the game, you will find some items. When you find them, don't miss them. They will make you and your weapon stronger. They also give you scores and help you to survive longer. When you are facing the bosses, remember to kill their soldiers first, then kill them. This will increase your chance to success.
No lag. No reloads. No bull. Do you like old school deathmatch with modern features but none of the frills that have ruined the raw purity of the genre? How about rich, colorful, arcadelike atmospheres? How about...retro Sci Fi? Then you're going to love what Alien Arena has in store for you! This game combines some of the very best aspects of classic deathmatch, and wraps them up with a retro alien theme, while adding tons of original ideas to make the game quite unique. Alien Arena is a furious frag fest with arenas ranging from the small, to the massive. With game modes such as Capture The Flag and Tactical, there are terrific team-based experiences to be had as well as 1v1 duels, free-for-all, and dozens of mutators to alter the game play to your liking. The game includes 23 official levels, 10 player characters, fun powerups, and 10 weapons each with 2 firing modes. The community is friendly, as well as prolific. Dozens of maps, models, and various accessories have been created by community members to add on to the game experience. Whether playing online against others or offline against the built in AI, the fun is practically endless.
Play Episode 0 for free! Trigger Warnings: Torture, Death, Misgender. This is an episodic game and doesn't feature all the episodes, yet. The season pass includes all five episodes. Every episode will be available for download upon release. What would you do if you found yourself trapped on an eerie space station with nothing but a computer? Play as the hacker Alex and save the world from your keyboard as a sinister A.I. rises from the corner of the universe... but you are not the only one who acts from the shadows. Monsters lurk in the dark and soon humanity itself is in danger. When analog and digital worlds collide, only a master of both can survive. Code 7 is a hacking thriller in which your imagination is the stage. The things unseen are the most terrifying ones... travel the network, gather information from e-mails, documents, and logs, hack protected computers, and navigate your partner through dangerous situations. Work together, gain their trust and make the right choices. The outcome of the story is determined by how you act and what you say. Episode 0: Released Episode 1: Released Episode 2: Released Episode 3: Released Episode 4: In Development Key Features: Theatrical Drama: Fully voiced dialogue, music, and sound effects Be a Hacker: Use the terminal-based LupOS system and hacking techniques like Man-in-the-Middle Attack, Brute Force Attack, Network Jamming and more Power of Words: Beware what you answer and the choices you make, they will determine the course of the last episode The game includes a mode for visually impaired players.
In Guilty Me, players take on the role of Lucy, a young woman who works in a coffee shop during the day and faces a nightly journey full of tension and mystery. After work ends, Lucy must walk the path from the coffee shop to her home every night, in a calm but dark and gloomy environment, with few lights illuminating her path. Dubbed into your language ! In this immersive walk simulator, players will be challenged to explore the nighttime environment while encountering the sense of vulnerability that darkness brings. The route features a tense atmosphere, with shadowy streets and intriguing locations that hide disturbing secrets. More about the story : Each night, the chase intensifies, and Lucy finds herself pursued by a sinister shadow that emerges from the depths of darkness. Players will have to find hiding places, discover the best routes, and use clever strategies to avoid being captured by the shadowy menace that follows her. In Guilty Me, the narrative unfolds over five days, revealing disturbing secrets that connect Lucy to this sinister shadow. As Lucy progresses on her nightly journey, players will have the opportunity to explore the details of the shadowy environment, experience vivid nightmares, and face psychological challenges that uncover the truth behind this frightening haunt. Get ready for an immersive walk simulator experience where courage and determination will be tested. In Guilty Me, immerse yourself in a quiet, yet dark environment as you uncover hidden secrets and confront Lucy's deepest fears. Resources! Use Lucy's smartphone to Access apps, change wallpaper and view recipes for work. Night vision for total darkness, how does it feel to be without the vision ? Calls and messages. Like at work or to ask for help. Running ! your legs can be your best friend, but you'll get tired at some point !
A delightful balance between Agatha Christie mystery and J.R.R Tolkien's Shire. Letter Vetter changes pace with a soothing and human entry in the classically fast-paced medium of video games. Pop on your trenchcoat, grab your notebook and unleash your detective skills to protect this small community in the English countryside. Key Features: Beautiful handcrafted Real-artwork Hundreds of unique letters, envelopes and stamps An immersive collection of characters and stories to get lost in Challenging mystery solving, secret messages and detective work Set in the enchanting English countryside Satisfying to solve both single-handedly, or with a group of friends and family Use your sixth sense and a detective's eye to go over the daily mail arriving at your desk each day. Scan for anything that doesn't fit and forward these letters to L for feedback the following day. Search for any secret messages to solve the mystery of who may not belong... At long last.. L has decided you are ready for the field. You will take part in a countrywide effort to rid England of war criminals. A network of rogue agents are known to be lurking somewhere in her borders and they need to be found. Take responsibility for the small village of Pipshire, one of several countryside communities strongly suspected of enemy infiltration. During your season in Pipshire your service to Crown and Country will be to uncover any imposters operating there.
Chess Brain is a chess puzzle game. The King must reach the destination. Draw the correct path and don't let it get killed by the opposite pieces! Every second all the pieces will move! Solve 30 puzzles! Some may be simple, but others will make you think about every second ahead! The correct path will take you to the destination point! Do you know the correct path?
Experience an intense and immersive dive into the watery underworld of pirate bartending! Build out your tavern, raise your fortunes, strengthen your firepower! Lest we forget -- greed in this world can never be sated. Down here, new management means nothing to those still collecting on the debt of your infamous, tomb-sunken father! The dreaded Debt Collector is coming. Will you be prepared? Features Tend : Whip up drinks for your ghostly patrons and pile your wealth on high. Keep a clean bartop and you're certain to attract the finest of the Captains to brave the sea. Earn every piece of gold you can muster- you'll need it! Defend : Use your arsenal to blast away an army of mangy little skellies lead by the Tomblord. They've been reanimated just to clean you out! Defend your booty with all you've got! Spend : Extend your bar for additional seating, unlock powerful new weapons, traps, items, and gizmos to pit your wits against your enemies! Ascend : Rack up combos and kills to increase your score. Track local highscores and compete against your fellow freebooters to earn the title of the highest-ranking barlord in the depths! Cosmetics : Swap out your ghoulie parts through gameplay challenges! Immerse : Fill your role with a full range of motion behind the counter! Easter Eggs : Many treasures here to find, explore the secrets left behind! Want to offer this game at your arcade or business? Commercial licensing is available through Springboard VR, Synthesis VR, and Foundation VR
Black ido is a super suit that can change gravity and protect the main character named TSK from falling from a great height. Feature of game: Adventure with the change of gravity Collecting coins Convenient control Challenging levels Physics, doors, keys and traps. In the game you have to change the gravity and use the geometry of the level to solve puzzles.
A minimalist and relaxing experience with a unique look. You are the manager of a railway line responsible for delivering resources to Islanders, residents of a group of distant islands. Create a safe path and deliver all the resources to the small towns on the islands. - 50 islands. - 4 variation of environment. - Satisfying and relaxing sound effects. - Unique puzzles. - A minimalist and relaxing experience. - Use only the mouse.
Chess Brain: Dark Troops One of the purposes of this game is to develop the ability to predict movement in Chess, using a playful and immersive concept. The dark troops march in a single sound They are more organized and smarter The King must reach the destination. Draw the correct path and don't let it get killed by the opposite pieces! Every second all the pieces move! Solve 30 puzzles! The correct path will take you to the destination point! Introducing a new troop, the Red Soldier The Red Soldier has a brain
WARNING : This software contains imagery that could evoke sensitive subject matter in some users. Such subject matter include Grief, Death, Self-Harm and Suicide Ideation. The game The Shape On The Ground is not a game, in the conventional sense. It is a short horror-themed first-person walking simulator experience which can be completed in 20 minutes. Consider it as a tarot reading : both a divination and self-reflection tool. A moment in time for yourself, a magick circle, to freely explore your inner world. Walk around a desolate town in search of the 12 dioramas where you will be asked a question. Answer truthfully, with the answer that best corresponds with how you are feeling. There is no right or wrong answer. Then you will be shown an ending and given a personalized reading based on your answers. Features Five different endings : based on the answers the player has provided Horror-Themed atmosphere : explore a miniature cardboard town inspired by the works of the Brothers Quay Low risk gameplay : no enemies putting the player in danger, just a tense and heavy atmosphere A personal space of introspection : This software is meant to be revisited from time to time, to help identify the changes within the player What's new in the Steam Edition Similar to a director's cut, this version of The Shape On The Ground contains new material never seen in earlier versions. Two entirely new dioramas, adding more symbolism and mystery to the environment Two new small areas to explore, where the new dioramas are located : the park and the sewer system Quality Of Life improvements such as clearer tutorials and removal of some confusing meta-narrative elements
Several number cubes on your screen and your challenge is: destroy them all at once! For this you must drop the balls in the right position and direction to find the perfect trajectory Challenge yourself at each level with new mechanics Walls, tunnels and cannons will challenge your physical intuition New mechanics like revolving walls and moving cubes will challenge your accuracy NEW! Level Editor Create your own levels with the new level editor There are several options of cubes, walls, tunnels and cannons for you to create levels and challenge yourself in your own way Unlock all features by completing levels Includes option to save created levels Addictive new events New visual effects in all mechanics Various visual and sound effects will explode your screen with addictive events Make the most of stereo sound effects RESOURCES New visual effects in all mechanics New mechanics like revolving walls and moving cubes New original soundtrack 59 new exclusive levels New level editor with save option Other resources Customization: Change the game color to the one you like best Steam Cloud: Save game to cloud Steam Achievements: 59 Steam achievements
History After an unfortunate distraction on a vacation trip, Luffy slips out of the car and ends up in an unknown forest, lost from his family. Join the kitten equipped with a paper boat, a makeshift paddle and a lot of willpower, on this amazing journey. Solve well-balanced puzzles, get through beautiful and challenging places and help Luffy to find his way back home. The challenge increases in each level with new mechanics. Four different biomes About Solve unique puzzles with a wonderful, dynamic slide elements. With a few simple mechanics, just click on the peaces to move it to its correct position. Features 56 well-balanced hand-crafted slide puzzles; Progression of levels: the challenge increases in each level with new mechanics. Avoid or defeat many enemies to help the kitten Hand-crafted beatiful art; Peaceful music and environments; A lovely story; Many Achievements. Just enjoy the game with no score, no timer and no pressure. To request features, enhancements or comunicate issues join us on our discord channel
InFlux is a puzzle game that mixes exploration and platforming in a series of beautiful natural and abstract environments. You are a mysterious metal sphere which falls from the sky, traversing an apparently deserted island dotted with cubic structures of glass and steel. Each glasshouse is a puzzle to be solved. Key Features Sit in a comfy chair and become as relaxed as you have ever been while playing a video game Solve a series of mind-bending cubic puzzle structures connected by... A series of beautiful, naturalistic hub world environments to roll around Meet a majestic and enigmatic humpback whale Works great with keyboard and mouse or your Xbox 360 controller A completely original soundtrack by musical genius Jonathan Yandel
In a world where inhabitants live in the sky on floating islands made of cubes, a disaster threatens to make the population fall into the depths. The magic paint that keeps the cubes stuck together is drying out. Lucien, a trainee painter, fights with others against the disaster by repainting the islands. Key features: Smart puzzles in 3d in a zen world Magic paints with improbable powers, allowing many possibilities The little adventure of Lucien, a trainee painter travelling through the sky More than 100 levels to discover in 7 different skies
About Join the kitten on this amazing journey. Solve well-balanced puzzles. Get through beautiful and challenging places and help the little cat to find his friend. No score, no timer and no pressure. Just relax and enjoy the game! Features 44 well-balanced swap tile puzzles; Handcrafted beautiful art; Peaceful and relaxing gameplay atmosphere; Many Achievements; Easy to play.
Enjoy a good time with this japanese themed jigsaw game. Entertain yourself discovering the fabulous style of Ohara Koson, a world-renowned japanese artist of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Featuring: - Amazing background music selected to enrich your gameplay experience - A total of 14 jigsaw puzzles made from incredible fine art pieces
A priceless vase is lost on a distant planet that doesn't exist! An irate colonel wants it back! And only one man is experienced enough... skilled enough... and foolish enough to retrieve it! Interstellar adventurer and bungling bachelor Rex Nebular! Join Rex as he pilots the Slippery Pig on a crash course for Terra Androgena, a planet populated entirely by bizarre alien women with big agendas of their own! Overcome the dizzying array of obstacles and endless traps preventing Rex from returning the priceless pottery! Feel the grotesque effects of the frightening Gender Bender machine! And revel in the mind-blowing graphics and ultra-realistic animation! Only you can help Rex Nebular complete his mission and escape Terra Androgena alive! MIND-EXPANDING state-of-the-art graphics that combine drawn, digitized, 3-D rendered and rotoscoped art! A MULTITUDE OF MIND-BENDING PUZZLES ENTICING skill levels for players from novice to genius! IMPOSSIBLE TO PUT DOWN manual written by award-winning game designer Steve Meretzky! Roam, Manipulate and Explore Rex's beloved Slippery Pig or any other scenario without typing in one work of text! Voyage to mesmerizing 3-D environments all brimming with colossal adventures! Coerce vivacious natives into giving you vital information!
One small step for room, One Giant Leap for room-scale. In One Giant Leap you are equipped with a pair of booster jets for controllers! Fly across the moon, navigating courses to plant the flag and destroying asteroids with rockets. Featuring ambient space music by Stellardrone and Eric Matyas, you'll experience a meditative trip akin to a flying lucid dream. Explore the moon to discover secret powerups that alter physics and introduce the concept of a rave on the moon. For the competitive, you can compare course race times with local players and unlock upgrades to your flying abilities after completing courses in record time. There are multiple mission types currently available, including: 4 Courses 2 Asteroid Hunts 2 Force Flights Free Flight One Giant Leap was inspired by games like Battlezone, Freelancer, and Tribes Ascend for their immersive space environments and joy of maneuverability . The boosting locomotion is now also available for developers to use in their own games, via the Moon Motion Toolkit. Enjoy your moon landing!
'The truth is this, every monster you have ever met, was once a human being.' Cursed into a monster, Jebat journeys into a realm called the 'Alam Bunian'. Taken in by the charismatic owner of Kabaret, known only as The Caretaker, Jebat is tasked with providing tea ceremonies to the dwellers in an effort to gather information on how to break his curse. Kabaret is a dark fantasy folklore adventure game. The story unfolds through the eyes of Jebat, a cursed boy who is uprooted from his small town to a mystical, violent, and unforgiving monster realm. Astray and lonely in a place of unfathomable cruelty, Jebat confronts monsters both supernatural and human in the Kabaret. Each of the mythical creatures who visit the Kabaret come from Southeast Asian folklores and legends. Listen to their unique stories, give advice through performing a tea ceremony, and find a way to break the curse. Experience the story through the eyes of our main character, Jebat Explore Kabaret by interacting with more than 20 different Southeast Asian-inspired mythical creatures Pave your own way through the 6 different endings, each with its own unique route Perform tea ceremonies and get to know the dwellers of Kabaret Take on a match in Guli and Congkak, our Southeast Asian-inspired minigames Manage a stage performance and help to put on a dazzling show Featuring sounds of Hello Universe and Sambasunda Indonesia Kabaret brings together mythical beings from Southeast Asian folklore in a mystical realm. This game is hand drawn stylised art and is complimented with traditional musical soundtrack. It is a dark fantasy folklore visual novel with traditional Southeast Asian games, tea brewing, musical gameplay and multiple endings.
You have been granted access to pilot 'Glaive' - a brick breaking battle ship. Use it to fight through tons of stages of intense arkanoid-style action. Key features: An all-new brick-breaking game. Level Creator Use your Glaive ship to break bricks and obtain many different powerups. Over 200 levels. Smooth controls. easy to learn. Great ball mechanics, that let you control it's speed with a bit of experience. 2 player versus mode - grab a friend and find out who's better. Boss fights - it's never easy, but you can do it! Different game modes - classic, pong, shape breaker, boss fight. Beautiful 3D graphics. ROCKETS! Awesome soundtrack for the game created by talented artists such as: Toms 'Tobu' Burkovskis Steam Phunk Kubbi Play on classic wooden table, in icy winter or in futuristic neon set. An all new arkanoid experience is waiting!
Cookie Invaders is a roguelite shoot 'em up where you utilise a massive skill tree to evolve your ship to defend the earth from legions of invading cookies. Skill system Combine over 110 skills to craft powerful skill synergies Upgrade projectiles, enhance melee damage or unlock unique abilities Quick games for rapid experimentation, iteration and progression Optimize and master resource management Each game is unique Each game is randomly generated, assuring fresh challenging fights and boss encounters Fight fascinating enemies and bosses each with unique and randomized fighting patterns Navigate your spaceship tactically since destruction is permanent Gain Experience and level up by defeating enemies Items Modify your spaceship by random generated modules Modules features positive and negative stats Build powerfull synergies with your chosen skills Modules can be dispatched for clearing enemy projectiles Endgame system Progress endlessly through an ever-increasing challenge Reshape your build and prepare for enemy encounters You choose your next steps, choose them wisely! Seasons Fight to the top of the seasonal online highscore each qarter Weekly highscores which define your seasonal ranking Challenge your friends on local highscore Visual Costumisation Collect currency and spend it in the shipyard Hunt for the best looking spaceship part combination
Climb the falling blocks as you race to avoid the rising lava in this challenging arcade platformer! Play as an exceptionally bouncy marshmallow as you dodge enemies, defeat colorful bosses, and try to avoid getting crushed. Buy power-ups from falling shops, collect missions, bank your coins, and purchase powerful game-changing upgrades. Avalanche 2 features a wildly addicting single player and a hilariously fun co-op mode. Avalanche 2 is a fun game with simple controls and a lot of depth. It's a great game for all players ranging from the casual to the hyper competitive. Insanely fun CO-OP mode Missions and challenges Many more badges and costumes Unlock all your favorite powerups Over 100,000 combinations! High quality music tracks
Stamp Boy is a retro style puzzle-platformer about a hero and his stomp ability on a quest for rescuing a princess from an evil monster. Defeat bosses to get closer and closer to her. Collect Orbs in every level to unlock secret stuff. No randomly generated levels! Everything is handcrafted! The Amazing Stomp Ability - The reliable Stomp Ability will keep you alive when fighting monsters! No Randomly Generated Levels - Beating each level is only up to your skill! More than 30 different levels and more than 4 horrific bosses waiting for you! If You Like Pixel Art And Puzzle Platformer Games, If You're Tired Of Random Generation, Maybe You Will Like This! Hope You Will Enjoy It!
Theo finds himself on the shore of a foggy island. From there, things only get stranger. Follow Theo into the twisted world of Phaser Reach, the Greatest Space Station North of the Harbor... FEATURES 20k word novel of mystery and humor Playable in VR or Desktop mode Surreal audiovisual surroundings Automatically saves your spot This product is a novel; gameplay is intended to be simple turning of pages. For the best experience, play in a seated position in a quiet environment. Some story content not suited for the easily disturbed.
Immerse yourself into Path to Mnemosyne, a hypnotic adventure created within an infinite zoom! Walk the path, explore your mind and recover all lost memories by solving dozens of imaginative puzzles. A mysterious story, a minimalist script and disturbing sounds and graphics, will make Path to Mnemosyne a bizarre and memorable gameplay experience for any player. Will you be able to reach the end of the path? Features: Overwhelming graphic style. Atmosphere that plays with your senses. Dozens of puzzles to solve. Simple controls, challenging challenges. Open narrative.
Heroes of Legionwood is a post-apocalyptic fantasy RPG in set in a realm on the brink of annihilation. Combining elements of modern western RPGs with the style and presentation of a classic JRPG, this is a journey no self respecting role player should miss! Enter a post-apocalyptic fantasy world. It has been 100 years since the world ended. Human civilization has been devastated by a malevolent force known only as the Darkness and only the last remnants of humanity remain. Playing the role of Locke, a young adventurer determined to save his people, you'll discover a world where your choices have consequences and every victory comes with a price. Can you discover the origin of the Darkness and stop it once and for all, or will you succumb to its influence, dooming Legionwood to destruction? Heroes of Legionwood consists of three separate arcs: Age of Darkness , Resurrection and End of Days . Either installment can be played on its own, but all three of them will combine to form one epic adventure. Features: Play as a male or female protagonist, with unique romance options. No cliffhangers! Each episode tells a complete story arc. Deep character customization with dozens of skills and talents to master. Strategic turn based combat with three different difficulty levels. Dynamic and expressive companions who react to your decisions. Skill checks, dice rolls and dialogue options - tabletop style! Branching choices with far reaching consequences and multiple endings.
An Adventure Only Limited By Your Imagination. The most popular AI text-based adventure is coming to Steam! AI Dungeon is a text-based, AI-generated fantasy simulation with infinite possibilities. Unlike most games where you experience worlds created by game designers, with AI Dungeon, you can direct the AI to create worlds, characters, and scenarios for your character to interact with. You could lead an army fighting back an alien invasion, be a mythical detective investigating the attempted assassination of the fairy queen, or simply enjoy the pleasures of a simple slice-of-life scenario. Unlimited AI In this Steam release, AI Dungeon is offering its first-ever one-time purchase for an unlimited AI experience. On web and mobile versions, free play is action-limited, requires ads, and doesn't give access to premium model settings. In this exclusive Steam-only offering, you can play forever without worrying about energy limits. Unlimited access to Griffin, one of our language generation models Access to premium AI settings for Griffin No Ads Create Worlds Pick a character, a world, and a story. The AI will fill in the details for your unique adventure. Or choose predefined worlds from other users or a random one using our quick start! Take Actions You can decide what your character says or does. The AI will produce responses from other characters or world events for you to respond to. Every adventure is unique and unexpected. Make It Yours Save the scenario for later. Don't like the AI-generated text? Initiate a re-do or enter your own words. You are the main character AND director of the adventure.
'Things will explode, things will die, you will dodge, you will do maths...Yes maths!' Super Killer Hornet Resurrection is an intense vertical shooter with a brain train twist. Through the chaos and explosion try to answer the falling math problems to increase your multiplier and power up your ship. Featuring a superb sound track by UK rock hip hop maestros the Sixty fours as well as classic tracks from Dylan Barry.
Lead Aero in his quest to save his beloved Ariella from the evil Andraus. Aero's Quest is a fast-paced, challenging puzzle-platformer that takes the best of late '80s retro gaming goodness, and rolls it up in a delicious contemporary wrapper. The game features 101 levels full of challenging puzzles and full of platforms divided in 10 different sub-zones , special levels, boss fight, power ups , normal mode and speedrun mode for fast challenges against the time, option to save game and records, in-game rewards and 13 Steam Achievements plus many other options. Press said that Aero's Quest is where Super Meat Boy meets Megaman.
The initial release of Command H.Q. was met with great enthusiasm from strategy game fans. In fact, it was voted 1991's Wargame of the Year by Computer Gaming World. In this fast-paced game of strategic global conquest from award-winning game designer Dan Bunten, you'll control your own superpower as you attempt to outguess and overcome opposing superpowers in World Wars I, II, III IV, and V! You'll allocate your resources and troops. Gather military intelligence. And assume fingertip control of an awesome military arsenal that includes land, sea and air forces. All while grappling with the harsh realities and risks of nuclear war! Game Features: Dictate strategy with an intuitive point-and-click interface! Supports modem play between IBM and Macintosh machines!
SUMMARY Here, you will be challenged, hurt, and angered... For this, I pity you. I created this game not for you to win but for you to fail. The blockchain doesn't care about your saved file. It doesn't care whether you want to adjust your sensitivity or if you can't 'figure it out'. This game exists simply because it can. I am here to design a game that will break you, not out of spite, but because I am The Dev, and I can. If you beat this game, you are a true dev with honor. Good luck. GAMEPLAY 'The Dev: Enter The Blockchain' is a brutally punishing and annoying third-person 3D platforming game centered around the character, The Dev. In this game, you will play through multiple levels, each with its unique puzzles and challenges. From an arcade shooter level to a 3D platformer level, you'll experience the trials The Dev faces when entering the blockchain. This game unfolds within the photo-realistic, impeccably coded world of The Dev. Witness the inner workings of the blockchain, traverse the trailer park in 3D, and bask in the pure, unadulterated bliss of Dev Island. Your objective: progress through the levels to ultimately reunite with your most treasured possession. Levels you'll encounter include Dev Island, Ponzi Park, and even the blockchain itself. The clock is ticking. KEY FEATURES Enriched single-player narrative driven campaign Limited Settings - Keybindings, audio levels, mouse sensitivity... Adjust none of it. My game is perfectly balanced. Live Action Cut Scenes - You will experience live action cut scenes directly from The Dev himself made special for this game. Totally unskippable Immersive 3D Audio - Enjoy the atmosphere of ocean waves on Dev Island or the synth soundscape of the blockchain Full Graphic Scaling - So that regardless of your system, The Dev will be optimized for you. No loot boxes, micro-transactions or ANY additional purchases required - With the purchase of this game, you will never have to pay for any other content regardless of what it is in the future. Zero Customization - Enjoy the game how The Dev intended. Ponzi Boy Slaying - Live your wildest dreams as you take out the Ponzi Boy virtually inside this game Next Level Jumping Puzzles These will blow your mind and make you want to rip your hair out. The Dev: Enter The Blockchain is developed by a very small scale guerilla meme operation working inside of Langley, VA.
A breathtakingly beautiful world holds the secrets of its past for you and your companion to uncover in this 5-hour journey. Experience the contrasting stories of the fall of mankind and the lush life in a world reclaimed by nature with a wolf as your main character and a determined companion at your side. Explore the land, sea, and air, as you possess any creature you come across to experience life from a whole new perspective. Fly through gargantuan canyon valleys as a parrot! Tumble through the grass as a wombat! Swim through shimmering lakes as a fish! Your journey will take you from densely wooded jungles, to lush rainforest canopies, to barren desert plains and archaic temples. Ultimately, you'll discover a tale of loyalty, despair, and betrayal, as echoes of the lost Yanrana culture come to life in a lush wilderness devoid of man.
'In the glade, there grew a tree. Merry, Merry king of the woods was he. Deep in his heart lived spirits, three. Dark secrets had this family.' In Where is my Heart? you play the story of a family of forest spirits. Their world gets broken up into fragments which you have to piece back together in your mind. Each of the three characters can transform into a magical creature along the way. The Rainbow Spirit allows you to rotate the world around and jump across space; the Bat King can see hidden platforms which only exist for him; the Antler Ancestor can jump on the stars. Help the three spirits find their home tree again!
Black Mirror is a dark adventure game that details the aftermath of the tragic death of William Gordon. Playing as his grandson Samuel players must unveil the truth behind the events of that fateful, stormy night. The Gordon family has accepted William's death as suicide; however, Samuel is not so sure. And through further investigation some terrifying family secrets are revealed. Through the course of the game players will discover the tragedy that has decimated the Gordons since the Middle Ages - and eventually fight to escape a fate that will not stop until it has claimed every member of the family. Key Features A rich and interesting storyline to capture the imagination Third-person graphical adventure Six comprehensive chapters Features 23 individual characters More than 100 different locations, including: a medieval underground temple, a mental hospital, and a cemetery Atmospheric effects such as rain, fog, and storms Hundreds of realistic animations Many logical, inventory, environmental, and tactile puzzles
POWER-UP is the modern-retro styled Shoot-Em-Up from one-man game studio, Psychotic Psoftware. Spanning vibrant locations to a monster soundtrack, Power-Up thrusts you into battle with a diverse range of fighters, freighters and titanic level guardians. If you loved retro SHMUP classics like R-Type, Hellfire or Project-X, you'll get a kick out of Power-Up's slick, detailed visuals, challenging gameplay and impressive arsenal of weapons. SYNOPSIS: The Earth is doomed! As you pilot the prototype fighter, Weapon-F through the debris of your vanquished escape shuttle you come to realise that you are the last human alive. You alone must take on the army of reptilian monsters responsible for the destruction of humankind. You alone must carry out your final mission... Revenge!
The Banner Saga: Factions is the premiere multiplayer role-playing strategy game on PC and Mac. It brings the feeling of beloved tactical games to a high-definition era with gorgeous hand-animated artwork and a degree of depth unprecedented in the realm of free games. Fight, learn, and lead your clan of vikings to glory!
Freedom Planet is a combat-based platform adventure that pits a spunky dragon girl and her friends against an alien attack force. There's trouble around every turn, from insects to giant robots to sheer explosive destruction, but you'll have a variety of special fighting abilities to blast your way through each stage. As Lilac , you can use Dragon powers to whip enemies with your hair, spin like a cyclone, or fly through the air at high speed like a comet. As Carol , you can bust through foes with a flurry of punches and kicks or summon motorcycles that let you ride up walls and ceilings. Do you have what it takes save Avalice? Try the demo and see for yourself! Dash across the celestial world of Avalice with boosts, bikes and other high-speed gimmicks to achieve the fastest time Explore at your own pace to find hidden paths and treasures and collect as many crystals as possible Help Lilac and friends save their world from war in an engaging Adventure mode with fully voiced cutscenes Zoom through the stages without interruption or dialog with Classic mode Battle tons of quirky boss enemies including giant robots, towering alien creatures and aggressive rivals Discover five elemental shields that reflect specific attacks and provide cool benefits Unlock special bonuses, including mini-games, achievements, artwork and music
You are just another face trying to survive the aftermath of a terrible event which shook the world. With your father you have made the Hub your home, an underground shelter that protects what's left of civilization from the horrors that roam the ruins above. Soon you will be tested, soon you will have to leave your home and enter the wastes! Key Features Random encounters, from combat, points of interest, wandering NPCs and Easter Eggs. Follow quests that push you deeper into the unknown with colorful dialogue for every character. A simple crafting system, turn your junk into life saving tools. A massive world with over 50 locations to explore and loot. Survive Get hungry, get thirsty, get sick, stay alive relying on your wits and skill! A huge main quest line that takes the player across the blistering wastelands. Each NPC has a unique, detailed character portrait bringing the world around you to life.
You are trapped by a group of mischievous monkeys which decided to have some fun at your expense. Get ready to defend yourself from the neverending onslaught of bananas! Are you crazy enough to go BANANAS ?! Banana Invaders is a fast-paced shooter in which your success is fully dependent on your ability to swiftly pinpoint where your enemies are coming from. Can you hear, detect and shoot them down before they hit you? - Expierience a new dimension of in-game sound thanks to our own audio engine SoundToolKit, - Gather your friends and see who can get the highest score, - Be the best and have your name ushered into the HoloFame
Klang is an innovative take on traditional rhythm games that pushes the genre beyond pressing buttons to tempo into a world of fast-paced exploration, platforming and combat. In Klang , players assume the role of a tuneblade-wielding, elite rave warrior on a quest to free himself from the shackles of Soundlord Sonus. Become one with the music as you battle your way through increasingly challenging levels, timing every action and attack to audio visual cues. Set to the music of legendary EDM composer, bLiNd, Klang is an adrenaline rush sure to challenge even the most skilled of multitaskers. Key Features Fast and euphoric rhythm-based gameplay Beautiful neon aesthetic Original soundtrack by the illustrious EDM composer, bLiNd 2 to 4 hours of playtime, plus an unlockable Nightcore difficulty mode to separate the truly hardcore from the casuals Play with a keyboard, Xbox 360, Xbox One or PS4 controller Steam Trading Cards
Storyline In Deluded Mind, you take on the role of Dean Catrall, an FBI agent whose daughter was murdered by a criminal organization looking for revenge. In spite of the tragic loss, you continue to work as an FBI agent and will be incapacitated and kidnapped during an operation. You wake up at the psychiatric institution 'Hillstone Asylum' and find that you have been given a potent hallucinogen. Your kidnapper's note tells you that your FBI partner Robert Page is also inside the institution. As you cross the corridors of Hillstone Asylum, you notice that there's something wrong with you: The hallucinogen shows its effects and literally puts you in hell on earth. How can you tell reality from illusion? Features Extreme horror: Due to a hallucinogen, you literally experience hell on earth. Feel reality and fantasy merge into an unforgettable experience. Stunning graphics: High-quality graphics offer you an incredibly detailed yet terrifying environment. Overwhelming story: Uncover your past and confront things beyond our imagination. World-class sound effects: Every sound will freeze the blood in your veins. Ruthless punishments: The longer you need to solve a puzzle or solve it incorrectly, the harder the hallucinogen will punish you. Random generator: Randomly generated events provide a diversified gaming experience.
The end is here. Life as you knew it has gone to hell after the mother of all zombie outbreaks. Now you and the few scattered survivors must band together to survive and rebuild in a 3rd-person action game set in a dynamic open world. You choose where to make your stand, designing and fortifying your home base, performing daring raids for food and ammunition, and rescuing other playable survivors with unique talents.
Fury Unleashed was created by combining inspiration from modern roguelite platformers, like Dead Cells and Rogue Legacy , with nostalgic memories of old-school platformer shooters, like Contra and Metal Slug . We have spent five years polishing our creation to make sure that your experience with the game will be as memorable as those titles and we really believe that you won't be disappointed. Explore the pages of a living comic book where ink is your most valuable resource and each room is a comic panel. Find out why is John Kowalsky, author of acclaimed Fury Unleashed series having a creativity crisis and see if you can help him deal with it. Kill enemies quickly enough to unleash your fury and rip through everything in your way without getting injured. Learn to play flawlessly and beat the entire game in one, epic combo! Choose either challenging Hard mode, which will put your skills to the test - or Easy mode, where you can adjust the difficulty parameters to your liking. Go solo or bring in a friend for a co-op session. Choose your hero's skills to match your playstyle, customize their appearance or even replace their face graphic with your own! Discover worlds created by a mix of hand-designed levels and procedural generation algorithms. Choose the best items to assist you in your playthrough and unlock permanent upgrades when you'll die for your subsequent runs. Play through the pages of visually distinctive comic books, each with its own enemies, and overcome a total of 40 bosses. All that accompanied by epic soundtrack composed by Adam Skorupa and Krzysztof Wierzynkiewicz, the creators of music for The Witcher, Bulletstorm and Shadow Warrior 2.
Conductor is a puzzle, action-adventure VR game, It takes place in a post Industrial apocalypse. You are on the run from Overcorp and on your way to safety. But to get there you'll have to take control of a locomotive and clear anything that stands in your way with the help of your gravity cannon. Solve puzzles by using tools and wit. Defend yourself from the forces of Overcorp. Visit multiple stations, each with unique puzzles and challenges. Manipulate the environment and objects using the Gravity Cannon. Drive and maintain a Locomotive. Game length : 1.5 - 2.5 hrs Locomotion : Teleportation
The Space Between is a surreal short narrative experience in three acts about the walls we build for us. The architect Martin Melanson, commissioned to build a theater, meets a woman named Clara, outside of his apartment complex at night. Attracted to each other, they visit the theater's building site. While they explore the unfinished stage, surrounded by scaffolds and lost in thoughts, reality slowly fades, where the curtain opens and a dark play about closeness and separation begins. The game's drawn-out, static nature, embedded in blurred PS1 visuals, supports its surreal plot and dialogues to create a dreamlike 40 - 50 minute experience, that should be played in one sitting.
The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable . It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.
The evil Illusionist Miraj has murdered your parents, the King and Queen, and has taken control of the Kingdom of Adventuria. Playing as the King's sole heir, you must recruit local Adventurers to complete Adventures to regain the loyalty of the various races in the realm. Only through reuniting your kingdom will you have the power to defeat the evil Illusionist Miraj! Features Create Your Ruler to begin your story! Recruit Randomized Adventurers from 7 races and 13 classes each with their own bios, benefits, and drawbacks! Unlock Secret Party Bonuses by organizing your Adventurers into 4 separate parties and arranging their formation front to back! Send Your Adventurers on Adventures to over a dozen different locations on a large world map! Automatically Complete Adventures and... Manually Complete Adventures for bonus rewards! Turn-based Combat with dozens of skills and spells! Level Up your Adventurers with attribute points! Tons of Skills from unique skill trees! Endlessly Generated Loot to equip your Adventurers ranging from common, uncommon, rare, legendary, unique, and mythical items! Dozens of Monsters each with... Resistances and Weaknesses to exploit! Rare Monsters and Monster Packs each with randomized mutators! Unique Boss and Miniboss monsters to challenge your toughest Adventurers! Craft and Salvage Equipment to create the perfect equipment! Upgrade Your Castle to impart benefits to all of your Adventurers! Monster Invasions where you must defend your subjects! Gain Your Subjects' Allegiance to receive upgraded Adventurers and more! Adventurer Endurance that needs time to recover! Adventurer University where you can educate and train your Adventurers! Bestiary that tracks your Monster kills to unlock information and gain bonuses against them! Harsh Death Penalty where resurrecting your Adventurers isn't cheap! Retire your Aging Adventurers to impart fantastic benefits to younger Adventurers! Ironman Mode where when your Adventurers die, they stay dead! Achievements to track all the things! Original Retro-inspired Soundtrack to groove to! Steam Trading Cards to collect!
KING MAN! Retro KING MAN! Super KING MAN! Three classics from the past are celebrating a glorious return, bringing you all new features, modern tweaks and the soul of the late 80s and early 90s in one funny package! KING MAN Released back in 1988, KING MAN quickly became a favorite among 8-bit gamers, due to its silly humor, catchy music and clever level design. Paving the way for future installments, this single screen puzzle platformer impressed with its high quality graphics and mind-twisting levels. Retro KING MAN Released in 1990, Retro KING MAN changed the gameplay quite a bit, as players could explore large maps to find upgrades for the KING MAN. Without knowing it at that time, this game featured many ideas that would become a staple of metroidvania and platformer gamedesign in the years to come. Super KING MAN Released in 1992, Super KING MAN brought the titular hero to a new generation of fans, with even sillier humor and over the top voice samples. The game was groundbreaking for its full-screen pixelation effects, the use of widescreen and iconic voice acting. Rounding out this spectacular package is a documentary about the full history of the series, how it started and how it all fell apart. Experience and enjoy these wonderful classics from an era that never was for the first time since their original release and dive into the world of the KING MAN - metaphorically, of course. ------------------------------- Controller Information: This game is compatible with a wide range of gamepads. However, due to limitations with the engine, some controllers may not work properly. There is, unfortunately, nothing I can do about that. Should you have any trouble with your gamepad, maybe try another gamepad or use the keyboard. I apologize for the inconvenience.
After the passing of the princess in the peaceful land of Delma, her knight Saiyato goes to Lidoffad Lab. You'll play through your own memories of remembering how the princess died -- up to the point where it actually happens. The story revolves around Saiyato and his best friend, the Princess of Delma. The further you journey through Lidoffad Lab, the more you unravel why the princess became myseriously sick, and how not only she, but you, have the ability to use magic. It will leave you speechless time and time again. Can you help Saiyato combat all the foes and revelations that come his way? Features: Story rich JRPG Multiple weapons with unique Skill Trees Turn-based Battle System with Timed Special Attacks Find hidden accessories and stat boosts to further customize your player Multiple Endings Other Games from Angel Star Studios
Void Ninja is VR action platformer with gesture based controls and few innovative locomotions. Run, glide, dive and hook. Slice and arrow the enemies. Randomly generated levels. Design your own challenges.
Awakened from his slumber, Beatbuddy journeys through lush hand-painted environments on a quest to save his companions and his own immortality. Beatbuddy interacts with the living breathing environment that pulses to the beat of an original soundtrack, aiding him as he unlocks new paths and solves puzzles. KEY FEATURES Experience an action-adventure game in a whole new way, which incorporates music into every aspect of the beautiful world. Players interact with the environment and a variety of creatures to open paths and solve puzzles throughout their journey. Six beautifully hand painted levels, each broken into five chapters, take the player through the unique locations and vivid color pallets. Featuring an exclusively produced soundtrack with original songs composed specifically for the game by known artists including Austin Wintory, Parov Stelar, Sabrepulse and La Rochelle Band. Play as Beatbuddy, an ethereal creature who travels to unite with his sisters Melody and Harmony and stop the evil Prince Maestro with the aid of Clef who provides comic relief throughout their journey. AWARDS
SiNKR is a minimalist puzzler. There is just you, hooks, pucks, and various contraptions you need to finish each level. Sink all the pucks to advance. Key Features Each level is handcrafted No scores, no timers, no text, no distractions Responsive ambient music Cross platform cloud saves Full controller support Steam achievements
10 Second Shuriken is a fps platformer. Speed run and master levels within 10 seconds destroying all the enemies to get the fastest time. Features A game where you only have 10 seconds to beat the level Jump and shoot your way through 40 levels taking you from grasslands, to laser and ice worlds. Slice enemies with your samurai sword Collect and use power ups like teleportation shurikens and jet packs to help you destroy your enemies A feeling of satisfaction when you kill all the enemies so fast that you get a 3 star rating Steam achievements Dodge Lasers, jump on trampolines, and destroy odd shaped enemies
Violet Cycle is a kinetic arcade action game. Embrace your rage as you slice through metal and wire, dispense silicon-shattering kicks and discover the beautiful order that lies hidden inside the dance of chaos. There's also quite a bit of dashing. Story Something terrible has happened to life itself in your pitiful corner of the universe and the only way forward is the way out. Set the last remaining Tower Garden on its way by climbing to the peak. Save the precious seeds of life found along the way. Do not fall to despair! Features Distinctive retina-searing aesthetics Combat-rich with intense sensory feedback Powerful array of weaponry and versatile headrigs Procedurally-generated destructible environments and enemies An audio-visual experience produced by simple logic operations, performed by pieces of silicon and copper. Quite a miracle by itself really
The Zodiac Constellations have gone berserk, and the cantankerous Kira the Star recruits you to help save the universe. Choose your affinity among the twelve Signs of the Zodiac, or create your own from scratch. Battle for the cosmos with a friend in a competitive Versus mode, team up in the cooperative SuperNova mode, or play solo in Story Mode against a challenging AI. Balanced with eSports in mind, but finished with a way-too-cute casual touch. You may even be able to convince your non-game-playing friends and relatives to play this PC game with you! Story and Single Match Single Player Modes with adaptive AI that gets more difficult over time. Versus and SuperNova Multiplayer Modes where you can play competitive or cooperatively. Wager your stars in Cosmic Duel, or spend them to create your own Zodiac Signs. Create Custom Zodiac Signs with unique names, shapes, drop patterns, and intensities. Share your creations online! Supports Multiple Controllers and Button Mapping so you can use your Xbox 360 Controller, PS3 Controller, PS4 Controller, keyboard, Steam Controller, mouse, touchscreen, and map them to your favorite play style!
War of the Human Tanks is a story driven strategy game with a gameplay reminiscent of Battleship and Chess, featuring a story of war, loyalty, sacrifice and human shaped tanks. This story takes place in a land vaguely reminiscent of modern-day Japan. In the twenty years since the first Human Tank was developed, the war raging between the Empire of Japon and the Kingdom of Japon has turned into a proxy war fought between Human Tanks on both sides. The Empire of Japon once ruled the entire land of Japon. Now diminished and cornered, the Empire prepares to make its last stand as the tanks of the Kingdom of Japon draw close to its capital. Shoutaro Daihon'ei, Lieutenant of the Imperial Army moves out to the battlefield, followed closely by the loyal Human Tanks in his company. Key Features Fast-paced strategic battles in over 30 maps Use resources earned from battles to develop new tanks Customize your tanks with various modules to deadly effect Multiple endings based on your performance Replay the story keeping your previously earned units and resources Free battle mode to practice and gather extra supplies English localization features two all-new bonus maps, hand-drawn battle backgrounds and an improved user interface Episodic TV drama style story with openings and endings changing by battle's progress
Get ready to experience a revolution in tower defense that will send you spinning. Unstoppable Gorg challenges you to defend the solar system from fearsome aliens by sending satellites into orbit. Unlike other tower defense games, in Unstoppable Gorg you can move your towers by rotating the orbits that surround planets, moons and space stations. Unstoppable Gorg is a lovingly crafted homage to vintage sci-fi films from the 1950s. Flying saucers, rubbery aliens, dodgy effects, it's got it all. The game's story scenes were shot on film using models, miniatures and live action actors and then edited together with genuine archive footage to create a classic sci-fi experience that is out of this world. Key Features: Take on the Gorg in more than 40 challenging levels of revolutionary tower defense action. Satellites in orbit replace the towers and grid layout used in other tower defense games. Move your satellites around their orbits to create the best defense for each wave. Experience a thrilling story inspired by the classic sci-fi films of the 1950s. Unlock Steam achievements and earn your place on the leaderboards. Glorious 3D graphics and effects for added impact.
Devil's Dare is a 2D zombie beat'em up, supporting up to 4 players to co-op and fight together locally. Being the spritual successor to Bitejacker, Devil's Dare carries the same theme of parodies, pitting classic game heroes against monsters straight out of 90s horror movies. Devil's Dare doesn't just relies on grinding and leveling up, but instead introduces permadeath to keep players on their toes. With every kill, the player makes some cash, which you can use to purchase upgrades or save it to revive when you're dead. When you run out of cash completely, you are dead for good and it's time to start over again. This is a mechanic inspired by the good old arcade days, where every death meant another penny wasted! Our main influence were some of Capcom's classics like Alien vs. Predator, Battle Circuit, Final Fight as well as Sega's Streets of Rage Series. So if you were a fans of those, give it a shot. I'm sure you will find something to love in Devil's Dare. Play as one of the 4 unique characters, each with their own unique roles and abilities. Every one of them has their pros and cons, so learn to understand your character and fight with your strength! The game also has a dynamic difficulty. This means that the bigger your party, the bigger the mess. More enemies, tougher monsters and most important of all, you share your loot! Back in the good old arcade days, beat'em up were serious business! Every death is a penny wasted and every kill is a step closer to being the baddest ass in the neighbourhood with the highest score. Our permadeath mechanic is inspired by this very mechanic. Learn not just to kill, but kill with style. Perform a fatality to make more cash, which you can use to purchase upgrades or pay to revive when you are dead. And if you run out of cash to revive, you better hope you bought a soul token, because otherwise, it's game over. All the remaining cash is submitted as your score, and it's time to start all over. Make no mistake. You are going to die, and you're going to die a lot. But death in Devil's Dare is meant to be savored and embraced! Play again and again as different characters and pick a different path each time. There's a different boss guarding each level, and the awaiting boss gets stronger and stronger based on your selected sequence. Remember, you haven't finish the game until you beat them all!
You have 12 weeks to turn the recruits into soldiers! Develop your training schedule. If their Stamina runs out or if their Stress becomes too much, they may fail their training... or worse. More effective advanced training can be unlocked by expending Prestige Points. Improve your soldiers and earn more Prestige Points when they graduate. Qualify them as riflemen divers, snipers, or paratroopers. Do you have the right recruit to win a 100m sprint? Or to challenge a naval academy in a swimming competition? What about the marksmanship challenge? Check your men's skill in mission. Make choices based on the encounters you find. Have you based your training program on agility and close-combat? Then better a sneak approach...
Ancient Enemy is a strategic RPG card game in which you make interesting tactical decisions as you battle distorted enemies and overcome challenging puzzles. Face a horde of deadly enemies, each one emerging from a world in which evil has already triumphed. You must not only endure, but also rebuild your powers to vanquish evil and fight one last duel against your monstrous nemesis! Travel through a scarred landscape with dozens of atmospheric levels, draw power from the Earth, and struggle for the soul of the world itself. Test your skills against a host of foes in unique solitaire-style turn-based combat! Innovative, strategic, turn-based combat. Blast the Enemy's monstrous lieutenants with a satisfying range of spells and abilities. Gather powers from the shattered landscape to heal your mind and enhance your magic. Choose your own path through a dark, folkloric story. Three difficulty settings ranging from relaxed to nightmare. Duel your way to the citadel, and defeat your foe once and for all! Ancient Enemy is the latest iteration of inventive card game design from Grey Alien Games, this time in collaboration with famed Scottish game artist Jen Pattison, and renowned games designer Jim Rossignol. Ancient Enemy is an atmospheric turn-based adventure in the spirit of masterpieces such as Darkest Dungeon and Slay The Spire!
Katana ZERO is a stylish neo-noir, action-platformer featuring breakneck action and instant-death combat. Slash, dash, and manipulate time to unravel your past in a beautifully brutal acrobatic display. Exceptional Combat: Overcome your opposition however the situation requires. Deflect gunfire back at foes, dodge oncoming attacks, and manipulate enemies and environments with traps and explosives. Leave no survivors. Hand-Crafted Sequences: Each level is uniquely designed for countless methods of completion. Defeat foes creatively, using spontaneous approaches to eliminate your enemy as you see fit. Unconventional Storytelling: An enigmatic story told through cinematic sequences woven into the gameplay, twisting and folding to an unexpected conclusion.
Templarius Games Studios is proud to present a tale from Michael Cox. This game is in Early Access and is under active development. Not all levels have been added and all planned content will be added by final release. YOLTRUND Yoltrund: The World of Eternal Woe , a short story written in 2014 by Michael Cox, now takes flesh as Yoltrund . Using unique lore and characters, this tale is told. Long before, there were Two, two brothers of The Ones Who Came Before; one of Light, one of Shadow. These brothers collided to form a third; one of Flame. The One King, burning with anger and hatred, created the Void that lives in all things; the barrier between realms to prevent his elder brothers from fighting further. He then succumbed to Sin, causing his eternal fires to rage onward in beautiful shadow. In doing so, he created his realm of Yoltrund, where he punishes such sinners with purifying flame. He then vanished, never to be seen again. YOLTRUND, THE GAME Experience the gripping tale as you play as a lost soul, trapped within Yoltrund, and must find his way out of the realm of eternal fire. However, to do so, he must travel deeper into this dark world and must survive the mazes within to prevent himself from being corrupted beyond saving. FEATURES Unique and incredibly deep story and characters based on almost a decade's worth of lore from the unique Kaiyumian lore base. And with seeds planted in Yoltrund for future instances, your mind will race to solve the mysteries of Yoltrund for them to be revealed in time! Yoltrund uses a Diary which details your journey through Yoltrund, from the places seen to interactions with characters, all using original quotes from the original story! Yoltrund uses a unique 2D-3D style, using 2D pixel art, but with 3D effects and sequences. This style brings depth and beauty to each level. Hand-crafted art and sound effects to make each region of Yoltrund unique and deep. Yoltrund is designed with the perspective of old day RPG's; no frequent patching and no DLC's to allow for a complete and enjoyable experience at launch. Experience the unique tale of Yoltrund, coming soon!
SET IN A DREAM Dreams are attacked by the Entity and the Xari alien race tries to preserve their integrity by educating the chosen one of each planet. Join the fight for your dream in this colorful open world game. An ever-expanding main story, which will lead you to take part in missions with ever-changing gameplay. Go through dreams, exploring, fighting and doing the many side activities. Discover a story that will take you on missions with always challenging mechanics and gameplay. Venture into a vast and vibrant world and explore seas, hills, and mountains Your behavior changes the game world from dream to nightmare and vice versa A vast inventory with items to craft, use and trade Cities and villages with shops and activities, along with a lot of places to explore Upgrade your character and learn new amazing skills Work for DreamPol by rescuing people from the Entity, rank up and get upgrades for your watergun Day and night cycle with climate events Customize your look, with thousands of combinations of clothes, colors and stamps Customize and train your horse Customize your tent with a lot of useful tools and services Fight against monsters and amazing bosses Take part in activities such as crafting, fishing, hunting, and farming. Drive cars, sail with boats, ride and train your horse, and more. Visit , join our Discord or follow the game on social pages!
Defendion is tower defense strategy game in VR. Buy towers to shoot your enemies, freeze and set them on fire. Collect gold from enemies to improve towers. Improve towers to deal more damage, improve the castle to make it stronger. Build mazes so that enemies go longer to the castle and perish from your traps. Do everything to win. Features: training level, where you can see how towers work and simulate defense on a small map infinite waves, with each wave the level of mobs and the number of gold increase 4 tower types 6 locations for battles the ability to buy, sell and improve towers, possibility to repair and improve the castle the enemies are not following the specified path - you can change their path by putting towers as obstacles enemies can detroy your towers if they block the way passive ways of obtaining gold: 2 board games in the Castle, servants mining gold on the map the captive in the castle can carry out some commands captive's clothes customization
Set off on a dangerous journey to save your father and the kingdom. You were living a calm life on your small farm together with your father. One sunny day your life completely changed. Malicious bandits raided your house and burnt it to ashes. Your father is missing. A darkness is falling over the whole country and you are setting off on a dangerous journey to places unknown. You must overcome your fear and find your father. You won't hesitate to take the road. This is going to be the greatest adventure of your life. Explore a huge beautiful country. Meet dozens of people and fulfill many various quests. Collect herbs, hunt for animals, and go fishing. Find hundreds of scattered hidden items. Reach up to 38 achievements.
Gunpoint is a stealth puzzle game that lets you rewire its levels to trick people. You play a freelance spy who takes jobs from his clients to break into high security buildings and steal sensitive data. To get past security, you'll need to make creative use of your main gadget: the Crosslink. It lets you see how all the security devices in a level are wired up, and then you can just click and drag with the mouse to wire them differently. So you can connect a lightswitch to a trapdoor, then flick it when a guard walks across to make him fall through. Key Features Rewire levels to work however you want Trick guards into trapping themselves or shooting each other Throw yourself - and others - through plate glass windows Investigate a noir-inspired story of murder and espionage over 20 missions Choose what to tell your clients, including lying to trick them Choose your own playstyle: quick, quiet, non-violent, no living witnesses, or any combination Discover new solutions to levels that no-one else has thought of Buy specialist gadgets to suit how you want to play All story stuff is skippable Hardest puzzles are optional No bosses - everyone dies in one shot, including you
Pixel Ripped 1989 is a wacky multi-dimensional homage to the early days of gaming. The player embarks on a journey into the screen of a classic videogame and beyond. Set in the era of portable 8-bit consoles, this game-within- a-game follows the adventures of Dot, an in-game character who sees her world torn apart by the Cyblin Lord, a villain able to break through the video game screen and invade the real world. In the game, the player inhabits Nicola, a second-grade student who must help Dot save both realities from this menace by facing challenges in the retrogaming 2D world, all while distracting the cranky teacher and escaping from the furious headmaster in her own 3D world.
There's no room for error when travelling at the speed of light, racing through star systems in a desperate search for a new world to house Mankind. But there are plenty of opportunities for mistakes. Alien races of every conceivable size, shape, temperament and sophistication seek to aid, use, corrupt or destroy you - and you don't know which. Sure, your starship is 15,000 feet long and armed with remote-controlled fightercraft, kamakazi fighters, a devestating plasma gun and high-tech probes, but will all that firepower be against The Stentor, rithless time-travelling space pirates, or the colossal energy beings known as The ZOR? Perhaps diplomacy is the answer. The Cicisbeo are vain and arrogant - perhaps that ego can be worked to your advantage. The broodmasters are sinister, manipulative and seek universal domination, but are they a little too eager? Perhaps something can be gained from shrewd trading . But that will be tough against the ever-seeking, ever-hungry Collectors, keepers of the Museum of Time; not to mention the supra-intelligent Jot, who control the minds of everyone nearby. Whatever choices you make, make them quickly. You're moving at Hyperspeed - second thoughts could be fatal.
Guide Roofie through gorgeous, meditative rooftops and try to get the right color energy balls into the proper slots. But beware -- the architecture changes as you interact with it so think ahead. Every step you take may lead you closer to the goal, or trap you on the roof forever. Explore gorgeous audio and fantastic, hand-crafted architecture while trying to figure out ever-more-cunning puzzles. Work your way up over 120 rooftops and face off against the uber-bot who is greedily funneling away all of the power, causing bug after critical bug. New mechanics and challenges await with every new quadrant. Only you can save the system from a devastating crash!
You take control of the lonely Nanobyte, NF01, who has been released within the Skystar System grid after a cascade of failures due to a serious shock causing the systems fuses to explode. Your mission is to fix all the broken fuses by using three different abilities and return the power back to the Skystar System. Fused is a first-person science fiction platformer puzzle game, that is set inside a computer system which is styled in the classic 1980s sci-fi cyber world with a modern twist. Made within Unreal 4 engine, Fused is a linear pathed, interactive game that contains puzzle elements which helps you reactivate the levels to progress further. By picking up fragmented files, you are able to piece together who is behind the attack and what the systems main function is all about.
Sink your teeth into the first VR offering from well-known PixelJunk series developer Q-Games! In Dead Hungry, you are a fearless food-truck chef sent to save the zombified citizens of a slightly off-kilter version of Kyoto, Japan. Armed with burgers, soda, and much more, your mission is to sate their hunger and restore their humanity. Feed hordes of ravenous zombie schoolgirls, office workers, and sumo wrestlers to turn them back into productive members of society!
Now with Local Multiplayer, Corsair Difficulty, Ironman Mode, and more! An arcade classic reimagined -- build up your fortifications, place your cannons, and fire! Play a skilled Corsair in the Sky Lord's Navy as you unravel the truth behind the plague that ravaged your planet Emoria. Improve your Battle Haven with upgrades, new types of Forts and Augmentations, then choose which Technologies, Superpowers, and Summons you want to bring to bear against the enemy forces. Sky Cannoneer includes a story campaign comprised of dozens of scenarios with unique mission types and multiple boss fights! Take to the sky and win! Each round, build up your Power Grid with randomized walls, piece by piece. Place additional cannons on the Power Grid to increase your offensive capabilities. Fire your cannons and use a large variety of techs and powers to defeat your opponent!
Immerse yourself in the virtual world of Konrad the Kitten and experience the first virtual cat that feels like a real one. Konrad, the cute kitten, needs a helping hand and lots of love. You have to satisfy his needs and desires: Give him his cat food in the kitchen, put him in his litter box, let him take a ride in a hot-air-balloon and lots more! A particular highlight for all cat fans is the unique plush toy mode . This feature brings your favorite plush toy to life as a virtual cat, letting you feel like it's really there. Hold it, cuddle it and play with it as though it were your real pet. As you gain Konrad's love and affection, you unlock new features. It is your job to make Konrad happy, and you have access to various rooms and areas in which to do so. In the Dress Room, you can unlock more than 50 accessories and dress you kitten any way you want. How about cool glasses, a funny little hat or a suit for Konrad? You can even change the color of his coat. Play pawsome mini-games and win valuable coins. Hunt mice with Konrad, and catch as many of the nimble rodents as you can. Put your skills and reactions to the test in the fishing game. Or try out the obstacle course, guiding Konrad carefully and skilfully through rings. The more you care for him, the faster his experience increases and his love for you grows. Look after him daily and care for him as though he were a real furry friend. Watch out: In Version 2.0 Konrad is all grown up and he's not alone any more. Little orphaned kittens are looking for a home and Konrad has to take care of them. The kittens sleep in their basket during the day, but at night they wake up. You and Konrad have to feed the kittens, clean them, play with them and find them when they get lost. Cuteness overload awaits all cat fans in this unique virtual reality game. Experience a new way to combine real life and virtual reality. Will you be the purrfect pal for Konrad?
Terje Haakonsen's Powder VR is the ultimate VR winter sports game. Put on your headset and ride the freshest powder VR has to offer. Pick your line and your method, fly through ice and snow at crushing velocity. Face every challenge with speed, precision, and skill- master the mountain from 14,000 ft. and dominate the rugged terrain. Hit the slopes and choose between skiing , snowboarding , and wingsuiting your way to the finish! Fight the clock and the terrain- drop down sheer cliffs, soar over glaciers, and slide across frozen lakes, dense forests and abandoned towns. Obliterate every speed record in the downhill race , score the highest points with the sickest tricks in freestyle , or navigate the perfect line in slalom . Adjustable comfort settings and gameplay optimized to reduce VR motion sickness . Choose between arcade and simulation styles to enhance the feeling of shredding the mountainside and the raw thrill of catching big air.
Zen Space Flight is a unique down-tempo Flight VR experience. Fly through the space while enjoying beautiful visualizations accompanied by an ambient soundtrack. Immerse yourself as you hear and see the environment evolve around you. Personalize your experience by selecting music from the library on your computer or select your favorite from YouTube. Furthermore, you can select from 3 different environments to best suit your mood or turn off the visualizations and play your favorite video from YouTube. This VR experience is never-ending!
Mia Faircroft goes on a new Hidden Object quest! When an old friend calls for her help with restoring a cathedral, Mia packs her bags for the seaside town of Porto Nacosti, Italy! Explore lavishly illustrated and animated locations. Play over 30 fun minigames, each centered on a piece of art! Escape to the summer seaside haven of Porto Nacosti! Reunite with old friends from the Faircroft's Antiques franchise, and meet new people who will aid Mia on her journey!
Anuchard. It was known as a place of wonder and peace, a land of limitless bounty suspended in the heavens above. Five ancient Guardians kept it safe from all harm... Until they turned on the kingdom and its denizens. The Anuchardian paradise fell from the skies, crashing onto the surface of the world below. Only a tiny speck of an island survived the fall intact. The rest coalesced into a twisted mass of winding passages, wild magic, and vicious monsters, known simply as The Dungeon. Somewhere within, the five treasonous Guardians lay asleep. Generations passed as the few survivors eked out an existence in the Orchard, the sole village on the island, maintaining what little remains of Anuchardian magic. Farmers tend to the fields, scavengers try to pick the bones of the kingdom in the Dungeon. All await the Chosen One, the Bellwielder who will take up the Audros Bell, enter the Dungeon, and wake the Guardians from their slumber, and bring back the paradise lost: Return Anuchard to the heavens. Finally, you were judged worthy to take up the mantle of the Bellwielder. The Dungeon awaits! For everyone and everything. You are the Bellwielder and the Audros Bell is your best friend. Master the Bell! Not just as a weapon, but as a vital tool for overcoming puzzles and obstacles. It's more than just a blunt instrument of mayhem. Use its knock-back ability to smash enemies into obstacles, reposition them, and clear the way forward. Use the Bell to solve puzzles in the Dungeon. Launch projectiles, move puzzle pieces, and employ it creatively to progress! The warped, magical Dungeon houses the Guardians you need to confront in order to restore the lost kingdom of Anuchard. Brave the dangers of the Dungeon, using the Bell to knock around and defeat the enemies that infest it! Face complex puzzles and solve them, to unlock the deepest reaches of the Dungeon. Finally, confront each of the five Guardians to learn the truth of the Anuchard's fall and return the kingdom to its rightful place in the skies! As the Bellwielder, you're destined to restore Anuchard to the skies - but that doesn't mean you can't help Orchard on the way. Explore the Dungeon to rescue the souls of lost villagers, returning them to Orchard through the ritual of revival! Each revived villager will contribute to your quest. Farmers, chefs, herbalists, all will help you and the village. Prepare for ever deeper ventures into the Dungeon. Cook up meals using ingredients provided by the Orchard, then head into the fray!
Decades have passed since war erupted between the United Space Federation and the Alliance of Free Worlds. A bloody conflict that seemed to have reached a stalemate is now about to change, when a third faction suddenly appears. Take control of a fleet commander returned from exile, rise through the ranks of the United Space Federation forces and join an epic war across the stars. Start with a small group of frigates, and climb your way to controlling battleships, carriers and planetary bases, in huge space battles and boarding actions. Build space stations and orbital facilities to fortify your position, build your fleet, extract minerals and research upgrades. Execute boarding actions using marine special forces, and bombard your enemies with orbital long range cannons. Key Features 3 unique factions, with different units and strategies. Epic 16-mission based single player campaign. Skirmisch and multiplayer gamemodes providing endless re-playability. Control fleets of starships, space stations and planetetary bases. Cinematic battle camera and CGI cinematics during the campaign. Research tree leading to powerful units and upgrades. Planetary colonization, planetary invasion and boarding actions. Battles across the galaxy in multiple star systems. 30 Steam Achievements Unique gameplay providing a refreshing twist to the 4x RTS genre.
Only the Ancient Sentinel and her faithful friend Bob can rescue peaceful caterpillars in the Forgotten Dungeons. Complete the game, defeat the Robot Boss and save caterpillars. 72 levels 16 achievements 4 difficulty levels chests with different bonuses permanent bonuses from unlocked achievements
When solitary Darren Michaels befriends the beautiful Angelina, he has no idea what the fates hold in store for him. The alluring Angelina has also attracted the eye of several others; and when she suddenly disappears, Darren finds himself questioning what has happened to her while he is haunted by a series of torturous and ever-intensifying nightmares. Darren's search for his missing friend and his own sanity take him on a chilling expedition from his small New England town to Willow Creek, England - and the reigning evil of Black Mirror Castle. Enter a dark, captivating world as the massive evil of Black Mirror Castle is reincarnated with over 100 atmospheric locations to explore and 40 different characters to interact with. Will Darren's search lead him to redemption or the hell of insanity? The answers can only be found in the Black Mirror - for once you gaze into it, you won't be able to look away. Features: An epic story of evil told in six chapters Atmospheric effects such as rain, fog, and storms More than 40 characters and hundreds of realistic animations Challenging puzzles and mini-games Over 100 different locations, including a medieval underground temple, a mental hospital, and a cemetery
In this mind-bending game you create complex structures to get your woodland creatures over vast chasms. In a bridge-builder first, you'll guide your creatures and construct your bridges in real time. Use the weight of various creatures to balance your structures as you build them. Features: - 72 unique levels across 6 worlds - Construction physics applied in real-time - Steam Achievements and Steam Leaderboards integration - Steam Cloud support
2048AD - the year in which humanity was faced with bio-terrorism. The desire to reach the next stage of evolution, which ran contrary to the facts of nature, formed the study of illegal modification to human cells. Because of this, a special unit was formed by mercenaries who opposed human experimentation. One of the major terrorist groups created a secret base in the jungle and started the project 'Confluence', combining plant cells with human cells. The group of scientists that worked on this experimental process also raised an army of soulless bio-soldiers to guard the project. But during the final experiment, 'Confluence' went out of control and began taking over its surroundings. You, as one of the best mercenaries, will have to stop the project in the only way possible: break into its epicenter and blast it to smithereens! The game takes its roots from classic first-person shooters, a series of games such as Wolfenstein 3D, Spear Of Destiny, Operation Bodycount, Blake Stone and many others. The color palette is taken from Operation Bodycount, while the game uses a unique graphical style, approximately similar to Wolfenstein 3D. In Merger 3D, you'll need to pass through long levels, breaking through many crowds of enemies. Features: 15 levels many crowd of angry enemies, each led by an unusual boss classic old school gameplay a large arsenal of powerful weapons with unique characteristics musical arrangements by Jimmy
Maze sounds is a first-person puzzle game where you must focus on sounds that you hear. This is a labyrinth with invisible walls which produce sounds. These sounds help you to locate the walls. They are also high voltage and deadly for main character, if he will approach too close to them. It is one of the game's hardnesses. Find the keys to open the doors and pass the traps.
Cibele is a game based on a true story about love, sex, and the internet. You play as a 19 year old girl named Nina who has become close with a young man she met in an online game. Her relationship with him heats up, becoming more and more intimate with each phone call and private chat. The game unravels in three acts. The player plays as Nina, going into her online game, exploring her desktop, chatting with her friends and going about her daily life as she plays her online game. It is a narrative game which strives to help the player walk in Nina's shoes as she plays her online game, becoming more and more intimate with her lover as each act unfolds. Features 3 full acts. Based on a true story. Multiple short films offer an intimate glimpse into Nina's life. A richly illustrated and scored game world to explore called Valtameri, with multiple maps. A fully interactive desktop that changes over the course of the game, offering a glimpse into Nina's life outside of her online game. Recommendations and Notes The game takes about 1.5 to 2 hours to play through in full. It's recommended that you play it in one sitting. Headphones are recommended. The game is intended for mature audiences.
Save the day as the leader of the Rescue Team, a group of life-saving pros trained to swoop in and sweep up in the wake of a natural disaster! Figure out the quickest way to complete your goals, make good use your resources and unlock every achievement. Easy to play, challenging to master and packed with fun, Rescue Team 3 is the best one yet! 40 levels Ten buildings 3 rescue assistants and kinds of transport In-game tutorial
In an ancient ritual of eclipse, a brutal and barbaric battle in conversion takes place. A battle for destiny and dominance in a harsh, primitive world, where heroism and passion are the highest virtues. Tides can shift in all battles, in a tireless storm of bravery and ascension. DOGO is a strictly local-multiplayer, competitive platformer in which players compete in an ancient ritual to convert opposing cultures to their own alignment. Player characters are controlled as one entity, promoting skillful play and tactical precision amongst the chaos of the swarm. DOGO is designed and balanced to be as fun with two players as it is three or four, meaning the game can be enjoyed without needing a full roster of competitors. DOGO includes many secrets, philosophies, as well as hidden unlockables that can be discovered through playing the game and through careful observation. More than 30 hidden cultures and idols More than 24 environments each with unique mechanics and their own secrets to discover Buried legends and ancient prophecies that surface in both lore and gameplay Hours of unlockable content Breathtaking cinematic and a full-length original soundtrack Playable with keyboard as well as 360 controllers
Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling. Glory to Arstotzka The communist state of Arstotzka has just ended a 6-year war with neighboring Kolechia and reclaimed its rightful half of the border town, Grestin. Your job as immigration inspector is to control the flow of people entering the Arstotzkan side of Grestin from Kolechia. Among the throngs of immigrants and visitors looking for work are hidden smugglers, spies, and terrorists. Using only the documents provided by travelers and the Ministry of Admission's primitive inspect, search, and fingerprint systems you must decide who can enter Arstotzka and who will be turned away or arrested.
A universe where you can play with amazing robots that are designed, built and even programmed by you. Everything is a robot, doors, roads, walls, bridges, safes, traps, turrets, surveillance systems, etc. Build forts, towers and architect impressive structures to protect your planets and resources. You may play solo or with friends to infiltrate, conquer planets and gather resources. The Rawbots universe has a unique set of matter, energy and physics laws. These laws are engineered to serve up fun emergent gameplay that is different every time you play. Everything you would expect from a sandbox game and more. We are taking this to the next level with gameplay that truly emerges beyond imagination and defined contextually by the type of robots you build. On one planet you might experience a first person shooting experience, go into a space battle in 3rd person, and down into an RTS offensive on another planet. An intuitive and streamlined graph system will bestow the power of visual programming into the hands of creative minds. Under the hood, the latest in signal processing, inverse kinematics and PID controllers, will breathe life into your creations. From geeks, to tinkers, to grinders, there is a creation path for everyone. And while you are building and tinkering around, we will also be busy developing story campaigns, random missions, battle tournaments and creating new and impressive bot parts.
Zamboni Simulator 2019 is a brief but meaningful drive into the depths of a working class every-man. A professional ice resurfacer for a semi-pro hockey team, our main character has had a life full of love and sorrow, a life of popularity gained and lost, and a life of families formed and broken. In this game you will live the exciting life of a professional ice resurfacer. You will be able to do the most intricate and complex parts of his job, including turning on the resurfacer, raising and lowering the resurfacing blade, driving in ALL FOUR directions, and most importantly contemplating life, absurdity, nihilism and death. This game's fully voiced narration will lead the player on a non-linear story through the emotionally complicated mind of Cyrus, you will listen to him recount his story to you as you take control of his actions to resurface ice as quickly and neatly as you can. This game will pose the tough choices to the player, choices such as 'Do I do clockwise or counterclockwise circles around the ice' and... Well that's it, really. And even that doesn't really matter. Nothing matters. Or does it?
Winner of Excellence in Design at Independent Games Festival China 2015! Think of the first time you grabbed a controller and played as a character who rampaged through a world, killing everything in sight. Have you ever stopped to think how those little guys felt? Well now it's time for some payback! Kill The plumber is a parody to other platformers. Your goal is to stop the 'protagonist' from winning each level. You start off as a slow minion who can't even jump, but has enough power to kill the hero. As you get the hang of it, you start playing as other enemies that can jump, shoot, stomp and even fly, sometimes controlling more than one character at a time! It was a peaceful day in the kingdom, when all of a sudden a plumber decided to construct pipes everywhere and cause destruction. No matter what the critters throw at him, he kept coming back, and even tried to kidnap their princess. Stop him at any costs, otherwise your kingdom will burn...
New romance game in the Hidden Objects genre. This time, a story of romance unfolds in the world's capital of love, Paris! Immerse yourself in a romantic story with its roots in the 18th century. Guide a North American girl and a Frenchman through beautiful historic Parisian locales, putting together pieces of the detective puzzle as you proceed. Trips to real attractions in the city of love: Basilique du Sacre-Coeur, Pont des Arts, and the Louvre Museum. Features of this love story game: Unique graphics with incredibly lovely Paris scenes! Most of the hidden objects are genuine antiques! Unique polygonal puzzles! A variety of tasks: finding hidden objects, finding differences, and finding pairs; all of this with a special romantic story as a backdrop. Innovative system of photo hints for hidden objects
HoloLAB Champions is a virtual reality chemistry game show, where you complete lab experiments to become a Champion of lab practice. Interact with equipment and materials that you'd find in an actual lab. You must finish your experiments safely and accurately to earn points for entrance into the Hall of Brains. Scoop, pour, and burn your way to mastery in the HoloLAB. Your holographic host Earl and his sidekick Meyer guide you through a series of mini-labs that lead up to an ultimate lab challenge. Score achievements and do your best to earn an elemental trophy in this amazing Labstravaganza. Virtual Lab Practice. Real Lab Mastery.
In the American Southwest, a lone witch hunter travels across the desert, seeking to wipe out cultists of all sorts. Fight a variety of goons and ghouls, through small towns to dimension-spanning motels. Inspired by DOOM, Quake, and action games of yore, blast your way through a neon-dripped, pixelated nightmare in this high-speed, high-thrills FPS. No recharging shields: you'll need to play smart or find healthpacks to stay alive. You're not invincible, after all. Wild Weird West: features an acidic western soundtrack, composed just for Midnight Ultra! Choose a melee weapon and a ranged weapon of your choice: mix and match, choose between chopping and blasting your enemies down to size. Change how the game looks to fit your taste: unlockable color palettes change how Midnight Ultra looks entirely. BONUS: Halloween color palette unlocked at start Double jump and dodge your enemies: your fast and nimble feet will let you leap across levels, over enemies heads, and between platforms. Moody and surreal story: not everything is at it seems, and the physical trappings of reality aren't always guaranteed... Short and sweet: 2-3 hours of gameplay content, for busy players looking for quick fun.
Important ! The game will soon be retired from the Steam store
125 levels set across six different worlds - from coastal caves and brass factories to neon cities and magic castles! Multiple objectives in each level provide extra replay value and rewards for smooth, speedy runs. Tight, responsive single-button controls that support joypad, keyboard or mouse! Collect bubble powerups that mix up the gameplay and turn Bubbles into a destructive wrecking ball, a ghostly spirit or even a dimension hopper! Customise Bubbles the Cat with dozens of hats, different colours and even trails - all without any microtransaction shenanigans! Boost features allow players to freely modify the game's difficulty so you can play how you want! Bonus secret levels that will challenge even the most hardcore of platform gamers. Unlockable game modes and secrets! An absolutely bangin' electronic, jazz-inspired soundtrack, bubbling with busy beats and meowtastic melodies. If you like cats, hats and platforming, you're going to like this game.
The most difficult climb is often the most rewarding. This is certainly the case for the Zenith, a mysterious region situated high atop an arduous mountain path. It is said that untold riches await those who are able to overcome the rigors of the ascent. Many hunters have tried to reach this fabled summit, but very few have succeeded. As an aspiring hunter, do you have what it takes to make it to the top and discover the true nature of the Zenith? Zenith Hunter is a fast-paced action platformer designed for players who are looking for a challenge. Featuring retro-style graphics and a matching level of difficulty, this game is sure to test your reflexes and skill as you make your way toward the fabled Zenith. Run and jump your way through six unique areas Use a variety of weapons - including hammers, boomerangs, and dynamite - to clear your way forward Battle the guardians at the end of each area to obtain precious jewels Search for clues to find hidden gold and other secrets NOTE: All music and sound effects have been removed from this version of the game in order to meet Steam content guidelines for copyrighted materials.
Underground. Faster than fear. You have become one with your war machine. Flesh sears. Metal warps. Darkness enfolds you. The tunnel has swallowed you whole. It is alive with the instruments of death. Even the walls want to kill you. The speed hurts. Trigger finger blisters. But it's all you've got. Because the light at the end of the tunnel is a thermonuclear explosion. - Enemy weapons scream death down the black corridors! - Haunting light sourcing and scaling - Lock, dodge, turn, fire! - Tunnel sensors guard against surprise attacks! - Nuclear tunnel explosions get real dangerous, real fast!
The main character was stucked in jungle. Now you must help it to escape,jump and get avoid different obstacles in order to pass diferent levels also you will discover new territories with different enemies. JungleRing2D is a action game with multiple new territories. Your goal is escape,resist and avoid different enemies,but how you resist depends on your reaction and ability to observe the enemy really fast. Along the way you'll need to focus on your enemy ability. Will you be able to resist an amount of time on different levels? Your reaction, accuracy and agility will help you to escape form each level. Do you have a good reaction? Try to evadate and avoid obstacle! And every level will get harder and harder, especially on the last levels. You'll be studing each enemies,what kind the ability they have and speed. It's not all just jumping and get throw obstacles, you know. Action game with Adventure Try to escape from different territories, and improve your reaction Collect diamonds and birds, you will be able to buy new characters Remember the password in order to open new levels Beautiful game and different amazing places arround the world
ReignMaker is a match-3 game with tower defense, city building, and political strategy elements. From your capital city you lead your Kingdom against the invading Void Army that threatens all life. Your match-3, tower defense, and strategy skills will determine the fate of your armies, but the many political decisions you make as a leader affect the story and the culture of your kingdom. As your capital city improves, you will have access to more powerful spells, mightier elite troops, and better battlefield gear and armaments. Along the way you will also earn achievements, complete quests, and fill your Bestiary with enemies. 50 towers across 3 continents. Millions of story possibilities determined by your policy choices. Deep strategy elements. 4 cultural spectrums: Martial, Druidic, Elemental, Republic. 20 spells. 10 types of troops. 12 implements of war. ReignMaker: Saving the World One Tower at a Time.
Grab your hoverboard and take to the skies in the futuristic super-speed air racing of TrickStyle. There's no need for wheels here as you choose your stylish racer and board and head for the Velodrome. At the Velodrome staging area you enter a room and decide which of the 18 tracks you'd like to strut your airborne stuff on. Race on three continents on awesome tracks that will challenge your every reflex and skill. But wait, there's no time to rest as you face off against a champion boss character. Emerge victorious and you'll unlock brand new hoverboards to compete with. Pull off wild tricks, spins, and jaw-dropping jumps while blazing across inventive courses. Slip between narrow passageways, avoid buildings, dive under bridges, and hop over fences as you blitz towards the finish. TrickStyle includes an iconic techno soundtrack, and inspired sound effects.
You close your eyes and when you open them again, you wake up in a new world full of magic. Decide for yourself whether you prefer, to fly on the back of an eagle or would you rather be the pilot. This game is perfect after a hard day's work. Put your Oculus Rift on and relax . Full XBox360 Controller Compatible OCULUS SDK 0.8.0.0
Made for Wizards, by Wizards. Chowderchu tells the tale of how two unlikely 'zard-buddies join forces to overcome great obstacles. Baz the Wise and Chowderchu will win you over with their courage, resilience, and irresistible Wiz-charm. This is a challenging game with a unique play-style involving the mouse and keyboard. Creative problem-solving is essential and there are many different ways of approaching each level. Good luck, and Chowd be with you.
IPackthat - UV-Layout Packer Tired of packing your UV-Layout for 3D Meshes? IPackThat is the go to tool for automatic uv packing, tested and used by industry professionals. This small handy tool will compress your UV-Layout and save you time, that can be better spent on creative tasks.
You will have to live through a brief moment in the life of a nameless man, who found himself in the middle of a cold world and was stuck in a routine job. One day an event happened in the man's life that changed the whole further course of his life and his views on what he was doing all the time after waking up... Features: An unhurried story, invented by one man, with a finale that will leave you with food for thought. Once In Flowerlake is a non-violent game, with no need to shoot or kill anyone. The presence of moments where the player's choices affect what happens next. Nice visual style and atmosphere of the cold, winter world. Atmospheric soundtrack to keep the right mood. Important note: the game was created by one person, so it can not offer a long duration. On average, it takes an hour and a half to get through the game. It's important to me that you know this before you buy, so you won't be disappointed about it afterwards. Thank you for your understanding!
Play as Lutum, the last man alive after a devastating plague has swept the Earth clean. The world of man has fallen into ruins. Everyone that was once alive, now lies in their grave, returned to the Earth that they were born of. You return to your old apartment one last time, in search of a sickened raven. You must speak to him, and discover why such a calamity has spread across the world. Complete different puzzles, to unlock all four unique endings, and uncover the whole story behind Lutum, and the elusive raven.
Ringlorn Saga is an adventure RPG inspired by the Japanese PC classics. Prince Gerhard the Brave embarks on a journey to the neighboring land to investigate the appearance of a magic barrier that surrounds it and his father's disappearance. A short-but-sweet Action RPG that won't hold your hand nor waste your time Explore the world, find new gear and valuable items, and get stronger while fighting a variety of enemies Stumble upon hidden events and quests Simple but nuanced mechanics and controls 8-bit style visuals and sound inspired by MSX CRT filter for an authentic retro experience If you ever get lost, have a drink with the bard
Are you looking for a heartwarming, relaxing game? Look no further! Exploration, puzzles and an exciting story in a unique setting Embracelet puts you in the role of Jesper, a Norwegian teenager who lives with his mom in the city. One day he is handed an old bracelet by his Grandfather who grew up in a fishing community up north. This bracelet has powers - strange, mysterious powers! Jesper is given the task to unravel the mystery behind the bracelet. Where does it come from? Who does it belong to? And why did his Grandfather leave the island and his old life behind? EXPLORE A BEAUTIFUL, NORTHERN NORWEGIAN ISLAND SOLVE PUZZLES USING THE MAGICAL BRACELET MAKE FRIENDS AND CHOICES THAT CAN AFFECT THE OUTCOME OF THE STORY With its gentle difficulty level, intriguing story and beautiful soundtrack, Embracelet is a game for anyone who enjoys unique, heartwarming video games. Embracelet is made by Mattis Folkestad, one man team behind the award-winning adventure game Milkmaid of the Milky Way. Playtime: 3-6 hours with different endings. Best played with a game controller, like an Xbox one, Dualshock or Nintendo Pro Controller in a sofa or a comfy chair.
Relive your journey to Lovely Planet in this brand new adventure packed with impossible tests of skill and patience. Craft intricate combos to unfold the complex puzzle of flying projectiles and moving targets into a graceful sequence of well timed shots and jumps. Enjoy shooting baddies, jumping over obstacles and teleporting around bullets while trading with milliseconds. The original First Person Shooter experience, a game of jumping and shooting Test your skills with a hundred plus levels to solve over four unique worlds Push yourself further with unlockable modifiers, play any level in Mirror or Fast mode Collect evidence and uncover the mysteries of the Arcade Original soundtrack by Calum Bowen
Irrational Exuberance is an experiment to probe the possibilities of full room-scale VR and the HTC Vive, unfolding organically as you discover and engage with deep space phenomena. Prologue is the first taste of the galactic fantasy, delivering you to a lonely asteroid in deep space, underneath comets and giant stars. Irrational Exuberance has been an audience favorite at Sundance and the Kaleidoscope tour and praised as a defining VR experience by the media for its use of space, sense and setting. The full release, scheduled for late-2016, will feature dramatic interactions, deeply-immersive moments, and impossible vistas. Featuring: UNCOMPROMISING DESIGN : Exclusively designed for room-scale VR interaction, Irrational Exuberance is a non-violent, organic experience that offers cinematic moments of space, solace and spectacle. AMPLIFIED SENSES : A highly tuned, evocative spatial audioscape takes audiences to the surreal depths of space, from crumbling meteorites to chiming ephemera to the distant hum of stars. HYPER PRESENT REALITY : Beautiful worlds, mysterious sensations, and nuanced interaction weave together to create a heightened sense and awareness of this alternate reality. COMPREHENSIVE PREVIEW : A short, but impactful experience that foretells the events of the full Irrational Exuberance release.
Embark on an epic quest for treasure in Captain Sabertooth and the Magic Diamond, a pirate platform-adventure game for the whole family! Play as either Pinky or Sunniva, and join the legendary pirate Captain Sabertooth's crew on the hunt for a mysterious magic diamond. Traverse a dangerous yet gorgeous world as you sail between islands and explore pirate harbours, exotic beaches and ancient ruins. Search for treasure, collect upgrades and new abilities, and fight against the evil Maga Khan and his army!
Drive on Moscow: War in the Snow , a strategy game from the award-winning makers of Battle of the Bulge, invites you to take command of the pivotal battle of World War II! Defend the homeland as the Soviets, or lead a bold push to seize the Soviet capital as the Axis. As commander, direct your troops across a detailed campaign map, capturing territory and planning strategies. You must overcome your opponent, vast distances, and extreme weather to achieve victory. Thanks to the impulse based turn system, you'll activate individual sectors: choose wisely, time is of the essence and correct timing is crucial to win the campaign. Featuring turn-based gameplay and an award-winning UI design, Drive on Moscow sports wonderfully direct gameplay. Play online, face-to-face or against challenging AI opponents. With accessible rules, Drive on Moscow is a great wargame experience for casual and veteran players alike. Features: Play as the Soviets or the Axis across three scenarios and the full campaign Command tanks, cavalry, infantry, airborne and more Revolutionary impulse based turn and activation system Play against multiple distinct AI opponents tailored for each scenario Online play is better than ever with enhanced chat features, tournament system, Live PBEM and more opponent information Experience Russian winter on a dynamic map that changes with the weather Replay entire games to see every move and savor your triumphs New leaderboards and stats let you compete on a global scale Learn with the tutorial and quick start guide, or visit our online strategy forums to learn from other players Full rules are included for advanced players Includes extensive historical photos and commentary Designed by Ted Raicer, award-winning designer of Paths of Glory
Necken is a simplistic roguelike that let's you explore the deepest parts of the Swedish forest. Take control of the people lost in the magical forest, gather resources, craft your equipment and fight your way through the randomly generated adventure. The forest is full of animals, soldiers and mystical creatures, and neither of them wants you around. Key Features Generated forests - There's no way you'll find the same spot twice! Permanent death - A small mistake can take a few minutes before it kills you. Minimalistic controls - So few buttons to learn. Almost annoying. Crafting - Make sure you always have the gear you need to fight your way to the end. Turn based combat - Tactical decisions without being swarmed by nasty boars. Unlockables - Which trinket will enhance your playstyle? A basket? A hat? Who knows. Resource collection - Hoard so many different rocks. Unlockable characters - 3 characters with 3 variants each.
Federation77 is a brutal and dynamic VR shooter in various arenas in a post-Soviet cyberpunk setting that brings the concept of violence and stimulants to the forefront. 2077, the city of M, the territory of the Federation. The country is still reeling from a war it started. You are a cyberpsycho, whose program has crashed due to a 'Taras-Kulish' fatal error that encourages you to kill. It's time to clear the streets of dirt. Main features: Ultra violence is the goal Violence is a core game concept in which killing enemies and dismembering them is the only way to the top of the leaderboard. High dynamic combat Adrenaline-fueled firefights will not let you get bored. For a successful game session you constantly have to move, kill enemies and dodge bullets. Set of game modes There are several different game modes in the game, which give your unique experience and are woven into the narrative of the game. Variety of the game content A diverse arsenal with the different types of weapon behavior, different enemy factions with their own features, the set of game maps.
Pawnbarian is a turn-based puzzle roguelike with bite-sized, but challenging sessions. Play cards to control your hero like a chess piece on a tiny dungeon board, outmaneuver enemies with their assortment of tricky abilities, and become the mightiest warrior of the Chesslands! Features Use a deck of chess pieces to hack and slash through hordes of monsters. Pick up the basics instantly if you're familiar with chess, or learn in minutes if you aren't. Carefully plan your moves to navigate challenging, emergent tactical situations. Spend treasure to upgrade your cards with additional powers. Blitz through quick 15-30 minute runs - or die trying. Take on the infinite post-run Gauntlet to see how long you can survive. Pick from 6 characters to conquer 3 dungeons, all requiring an unique approach. Progress through Chains, a series of extra difficulty modifiers. Not Features No permanent upgrades, and not much that needs unlocking. The progress and satisfaction come from your growing mastery of the game's elegant systems! No complex and varied builds. The shops provide a few key decisions, but the bulk of the roguelike depth lies in how you approach the emergent combat puzzles!
Mordheim: City of the Damned is the first video game adaptation of Games Workshop's cult classic tabletop game Mordheim. Set in the Warhammer World's decimated Empire city, Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based tactical game where you lead warbands into bloody and lethal skirmishes. The game blends RPG elements, fast-paced tactical combat and intricate unit customization in a time wrought by chaos and rivalry where only the strongest survive. After a twin tailed comet crashed on Mordheim, the City of Damned turned into a terrifying battlefield where rival warbands fight fiercely for the control of key neighborhoods, looking for glory and fortune by acquiring the very valuable Wyrdstone fragments. Choose from iconic Mordheim warbands - Sisters of Sigmar, the Cult of the Possessed, Skaven, Mercenaries from the Empire - and lead your troops to battle. Recruit new units, equip them with enhanced gear. Evolve and customize your warband with the experience gained from each successful mission, transforming them into a terrifying force on the battlefield. Devise the best strategy to annihilate your rivals. If you fail, some of your units might lose a limb... or worse. Keep in mind that in Mordheim: City of the Damned, a dead unit is lost forever! Consider the environment when formulating your battle strategy, exploiting the unique buildings, ruins or the layout of the streets. Deploy your troops carefully and anticipate the actions of your adversaries to set up ambushes! Organize ingenious battle plans where the talents of your units will be as important as your own luck during key moments of combat. Loot items and weapons hidden in the ruins, or steal those of fallen opponents. Survive the dangers that abound in the City of the Damned and collect as many Wyrdstones as you can, but remain ever vigilant. Mordheim is one of the most treacherous places in the Warhammer World! In these epic battles where fame and glory await, your strategy will definitely be your best ally! Visit the four corners of the City of the Damned to complete multiple missions in the solo campaign, or challenge other players in enthralling multiplayer modes. Fully customize your warbands Choose from a multitude of classes with unique abilities to create unique strategies Take your troops to battle and test their synergy on the field Gain experience to unlock Player's special abilities Spend the Wyrdstones to acquire powerful items and unlock more choices and features Face other Player's Warbands in head to head skirmishes
STORY In 2194 humanity has populated the entire galaxy. As our existence expanded, crime became harder and harder to control in the vast reaches of space. As a result, laws became more strict. Government attempts to wrangle the issue bolstered a growing police force and, over many years, the reach of law enforcement grew larger and more aggressive. The general population, simply wanting to feel safe, grew more accepting and the first fully commercially run prison systems took form. Nearly one hundred years later, in 2290 imprisonment is commonplace. A blind trust has been placed in the commercial justice system eventually landing everyday people in jail for years for even the smallest offenses creating a massive divide between the idea of prisoner and person. Hundreds of commercial prisons and law enforcement companies thrive. Devaluing of prisoner lives and massive prison overpopulation gave birth to an auction system where anyone could purchase prisoners for any use free of legal ramifications. Acquired in the most recent bulk order of prisoners for BioMass Labs, you are being shuttled off for study at the Kohate testing facilities. No information is known about the details of the study. You have been black-bagged, loaded onto a transport shuttle, and are waiting for law enforcement to release you to the company. THE GAME The subject is a sci-fi puzzle game designed to combine a mix of classic puzzle adventure games with horror elements and visual aesthetics of early 80s sci-fi. You will need to learn to navigate the complex to find your way to the various testing rooms set out in the experiment and collect items needed to progress through the maze. You are being monitored by those running the tests and are required to visit a bio-data terminal periodically to record your vital signs and other data for record keeping. If you fail to do so, you will be removed from testing by euthanization. Features Puzzles Collection Casual Mode Twitch Integration Stealth Survival
40 miles under the Earth's surface, a hazardous research and refinery facility has faulted. Attempts to raise communication with the installment have failed. The status of all fifteen workers stationed within the facility is unknown. Valvorta Industries, the controversial energy corporation responsible for the site, must maintain discretion. In response, Valvorta's BoD has elected to dispatch an engineering specialist to assess the situation. The mission is simple: recover information, restore output from the facility and rescue the workers trapped under earth. Traversal through the facility will not be easy. The malfunctioning systems have made the descent near impossible. The high temperatures and the lack of breathable oxygen require the use of a specialized suit. You'll need a sharp eye to find any tools, lifts, documentation, and devices scattered across the facility, and a bright mind to put them to use. Extra attention must be paid to maintaining your suit's battery and air levels if you wish to survive. To make your mission easier, your suit provides a gauge on your current status, a log of any documents you find scattered about, magnetic boot attachments function for situational vertical and upside-down movement, and an instant connection to all terminals requiring rudimentary programming skills. Find whatever information you can and piece together the events leading to the loss in communications. After that, it will be up to you to decide what needs to be done.
Gooblins is a First-Person Shooter for the HTC Vive that pits the player against never-ending waves of Gooblins. These cute but deadly creatures are hell-bent on using plasma blasts, fireballs, and kamikaze attacks to destroy you. As you progress through waves, Gooblin firepower and defense capability increases. Survive long enough to unlock your machine gun to make quick work of unshielded Gooblins. While mowing them down is satisfying, high scores on the leaderboard can only be achieved by killing Gooblins in the color order indicated on your weapon display. Various Gooblin types with distinct personalities, all tying to kill you in their own special way! Play in 360 degrees for the full experience, or 180 degrees for when your Vive cable starts to look like spaghetti. Use the energy shield in your other hand as defense against plasma and fireballs! Grenades launch with gun grip button, detonate with shield grip. Perfect your timing for mass destruction! Free updates as more game features become available! See full details in the Quick Reference.
In a world of growing xenophobia, Scotsmen living abroad fear for their right to practice their culture. Already, reports are emerging of foreign governments and vigilantes shutting down the haggis factories that were once the lifeblood of local Scottish communities. One Scotsman has the power to stand up to the world. His name is Alfredo. A humble barman from Northern Scotland, Alfredo rose to prominence when he conquered England, Wales, and Ireland, after the English cricket team and a group of Irish potato farmers trashed his pub. Taking on the whole world however, will not be so easy. So Alfredo gathers together the finest fighting Scotsmen and sets forth in his Bagpipe Airship, on a mission to liberate global Scottish communities, one haggis factory at a time. Fight 24 zany enemies, from gun-toting Rednecks to Kangaroo Riding Aussie Shielas in bikinis. Face down 6 evil bosses, including Napoleon, Mussolini and Oda Nobunaga. Build 12 types of towers, from the traditional Scottish Porridge Cannon, to the foreign French Fondue Hose. Command 7 hero characters, including Alfredo, and foreign heroes such as Julius Caesar and Buddha. Fight through the 24 level campaign, or stage your ultimate battle in skirmish mode. Operate the Kilt-Lift-O-Matic, which provides a strong updraft for Scotsmen to descend from the Bagpipe Airship using their kilts as parachutes. Capture and hold oat fields to produce porridge to feed your army. Purchase upgrades for your Scotsmen and towers using money earned during levels.
BIT.TRIP CORE visits a darker place in CommanderVideo's saga, taking the player into unfamiliar territory as they use NES-style controls to blast their way through the barrage of Beats in this rhythm-music adventure. CORE is the second installment in CommanderVideo's soul quest with: Classic NES-Style Controls! Beautiful Boss Battles! A Thumpin' Chiptune-Inspired Soundtrack! Special Chiptune Guest Star Bubblyfish! Mind-Melting Challenges! Revealing Cutscenes! Download BIT.TRIP CORE to continue your very own BIT.TRIP! Key features: Leaderboards! Achievements! Brand New Easy Mode!
Meet Your New Neighbours The ground starts shaking, light bulbs are breaking - and something rather unusual is happening right behind the walls of your very room. Equipped with nothing but wit and courage, you slowly descend into a world inhabited by avian folk and seemingly deadly furniture monsters. From the creators of indie classics Machinarium and Samorost comes Creaks, an immersive puzzle game that delights the senses with its hand-painted visuals, precise animation, eerie sounds, and an eclectic original score from Hidden Orchestra. Proceed at your own pace at figuring out the solutions to dozens of carefully designed puzzles, explore the mansion for hidden paintings and uncover the great secret. Creaks is best enjoyed with a controller and a good pair of headphones.
The Pedestrian is a 2.5D side scrolling puzzle platformer. You are The Pedestrian! Enter into a dynamic 3D world with stunning graphics and challenging puzzles. You play by rearranging and reconnecting public signs in order to explore and advance through each engaging environment.
Sea Salt is an action strategy hybrid , in which you are an Old God summoning unfathomable horrors to blight the human lands. You will have your sacrifice, and humanity will pay for denying you what you are owed. Summoning a tide of minions, your army will emerge from the sea to take vengeance on the religious figures who have dared to defy you, and anyone else that stands in your way. When humanity prayed you were willing to offer them fair winds for their fishing vessels, and they enjoyed the riches and prosperity you provided. They knew the price, but cowardice overtook their faith when the time came to collect. The bishop of your church defied your will, but when the horrors of the deep emerge from the gloom he will beg for the mercy of a swift death. Command an unruly troop of nightmarish creatures, cultists and horrors from the deep Control the whole swarm at once , directing it to attack your victims or withdraw to avoid their defenses Use the terrain to surprise and surround the weak minded to make them lose their minds to fear Discover cards in a hellish tarot to unlock 16 different units with their own strengths and weaknesses Hunters, and special bosses alike, will be swept away on your path to vengeance
An adventure quest game which tells a story of a young assistant who helps a famous scientist to conduct experiments with time. Once during an experiment in the laboratory, there was an explosion. As a result, the scientist died. You are now all alone in the middle of the night inside of a country house. A difficult situation isn't it? But you have a chance to fix it. Immerse yourself in the atmosphere of the early 20th century, enjoy an interesting story, get into unexpected situations. Solve puzzles on the way, meet friendly and not so friendly characters, travel through time, and save your mentor.
Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine is a single player or co-op heist game. Assemble a crack team of thieves, case the joint, and pull off the perfect heist. The Locksmith: Blue-collar infiltration expert The Lookout: She can see and hear everything... a natural leader The Pickpocket: A hobo with a monkey and a penchant for crime The Cleaner: A silent psychopath... Jack The Ripper in pink The Mole: Big and dumb... likes to tunnel The Gentleman: He doesn't always wear a disguise, but when he does, he looks fantastic The Hacker: Armies of viruses shut down security... a modern day warlock The Redhead: Manipulative and murderous... a lady always gets what she wants Play with up to four people online or on the same screen. Compete with others via daily leaderboards. Find out why it won the 2010 IGF and has been described by PCGamer as 'one of the best co-op games of all time.'
Traffic For Racer is Multiplayer racing and endless arcade racing, Challenge your friends and other player from around the world. Drive your car through highway traffic, earn money and gold, buy new cars. and be the best racer in the leaderboards. Traffic for Race: features - 3D graphics, easy interface. - 25 different cars inside garage. - Realistic car handling - 3 environments: desert, rainy and night - 4 game modes: multiplayer challenge, daily event , Missions , friends challenge, - customization : paint and wheels and upgrade - Leaderboards and Achievements
Resistance is Fruitile is a challenging twin stick shooter jam-packed with sinister fruit monsters and plenty of firepower to take them on! A CAKE-NAPPING.. . As a wedding ceremony inside of an ancient castle comes to a close, a legion of fruit monsters materializes and steals the pure, delicious chocolate wedding cake! But why? Help the bride, with her powerful shotgun, or the groom, with his trusty pistol, squash every fruit monster that gets in their way. Hurry before the fruit get away; or worse, contaminate your precious chocolate cake with their blasphemous fruit juices! CHOCOLATE CAKE SHOULD BE PURE AND FRUIT-FREE, DAMN IT! FEATURES High octane twin-stick shooting action! Simple but challenging gameplay! Pixel art fruit obliteration! Unique Power Card perk system: level up and match two cards of the same type for extra bonuses! Bride and groom local co-op! Rockin' soundtrack!
Russell Stone is a Jewish Rabbi at a poor synagogue in New York City. He is a devout man with a problem. Membership is way down and he lacks the funds to keep his synagogue open. Things are looking very bleak, and he has grown progressively more cynical and bitter with the passage of time. Just as he is on the verge of packing it all in, he receives some interesting news. A former member of his congregation has died and left the Rabbi a significant amount of money. A blessing? Or the start of something far more sinister? Can Rabbi Stone just accept the money and move on? His conscience says no. Step into his shoes as he travels all over Manhattan in his attempt to uncover the truth. Features rabbinical conversation methods, a unique method of fighting, an original score, and three different endings!
Extremly Hardcore 2D game, where you find: Nice 2D graphics. Amazing anime style music. Big open world, where you can achieve any lands you want from game start. A lot of ingame items. Dozens ingame Secrets. Join this amazing world inspired by old early 00's rpg-platformers like Metroid and Castlevania, you gonna enjoy it. TO VICTORY MY LORD!
The Idiot's Tale is an old-school point-and-click adventure game with a truly warped sense of humor. You are Sir Jimothy Quest, a noble-but-ignorant knight-errant in the medieval kingdom of Dodotry. With your trusty sidekick Hoover the Owl, you'll venture across the land in search of legendary lost treasures. Along the way, you'll encounter fearsome monsters, classic fairy tale characters, corporate fast food, and more puzzles than you can shake your cursor at. Over eighty environments to explore! Dozens of brain-twisting puzzles! Guaranteed head-scratchers, hair-pullers, and nail-biters included! Built-in hint system to help you beat the game without consulting the Internet! Original jazz soundtrack for you to groove to as you cross the lands! Can you find all three treasures and save the day? Or are you just gonna run away like an idiot?
The familiar becomes magical in this critically acclaimed interactive artscape. Explore ten scenes inspired by the everyday and let your expectations of reality be transformed. Carl Burton's other work has been featured in the New York Times, Serial, Colossal, and Medium. Duration: About 45 min Headphones recommended
Jaxon The Thief is a 2D Stealth Platformer based on the story of an infamous thief called Jaxon who mostly targets the richest houses in the various cities in the US. Jaxon is an infamous thief who robbed the super rich people in the various cities. He even robbed the banks, stealing millions of dollars, expensive gems, golden rings and gold coins. The Police were desperately in search of him throughout the cities in the US but all of the efforts were in vain. But now, the special Police forces are working diligently in order to find and arrest the most wanted thief at any cost. Will Jaxon be able to rob again without getting caught? You play as Jaxon whose mission is to rob the rich houses without getting caught by the Police and by the advanced security system too. His fate is in your hands now. Key Features: 22 Levels to Play. Collect Expensive items like gems, golden coins, golden rings and money. Different kinds of security guards, cops, CCTV Security cameras, and Robots to avoid. Challenging Situations and hard to master. Lots of traps, lasers, spinners and much more! Note: I am a solo indie game developer and I have created all of the graphics, artwork, programming, level design, animation, and character design except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game.
A peaceful and colourful paper world is about to be torn apart. Hordes of evil are preparing to make their last stand, in one final battle to bring ruin to this paper kingdom. In their way are two heroes, a boy and a girl. Follow them in their epic journey to defeat evil once and for all. Upside-Down Dimensions is a highly visual game that combines action, hack n slash, RPG, stealth, platform and puzzles to create a unique and amazing gameplay experience. Play as two characters separated into different dimensions. Flip between these worlds to stop the nefarious Dark Shogun. Help the characters finding their way across the puzzles of ancient times, that will lead them to summon the Golden Origami Dragon, the only magical creature with enough power to defeat once and for all the evil presence.
FIREWORKS MANIA is an explosive simulator game where you can play around with fireworks. In various low-poly environments you can go nuts with all the fireworks you want. Eventhough the game is created to be a casual game where players just have fun for a short while, the game can easily entertain creative players for hours, as they setup a firework show or explore the environments in the hunt for things to blow up. Not two play-sessions are the same, as the game is heavily physics based, resulting a different outcome every time. This often leads to fun moments, when things are not going as planned. - Enjoy!
Take to the skies over Europe during the most dangerous days of World War II. Pilot 20 authentic fighter aircraft from America, Britain, and Germany. Defend the skies over England from waves of German bombers, fight off attacking Messerschmitts as you escort B-17s on critical bombing missions, and engage in tenacious dogfights over France. Unsurpassed graphics and spine-tingling playability captivate you in this sequel to the critically acclaimed and award-winning 1942: The Pacific Air War. Game features include: Authentic aircraft flight models and detailed renderings of all cockpits. Missions that include up to 256 planes in the air simultaneously. Combat missions include Fighter Sweep, Bomb Target, Escort Flight, Intercept, and Interdiction. Campaign mode enables you to improve your skills over time and assume greater leadership over your squadron. A newsreel feature including historical film footage.
'Shoot Stuff, Jump Stuff, Bomb Stuff' Horizon Shift is an explosive wave based, single screen shooter, with a ton of new ideas and platformer elements. Do what it takes to protect your horizon from the ever encroaching enemy attack! Use the unique risk reward multiplier system to maximise power-ups, build your bomb and destroy EVERYTHING! Horizon Shift also features an amazing pulse pounding soundtrack produced by Jason Heine of Heine House Entertainment. These original compositions are a fusion of House, Electronica and Chiptune. Features 7 different game modes and a ton of options to customise your experience A unique risk reward multiplier system Pulse pounding soundtrack produced by Jason Heine Epic boss battles and bonus rounds An original blend of classic arcade shooter and platforming
The light of the world fades. Evil hearts seek the Power of the Elements - the forces which bind the universe together - thus threatening all of existence. Join an eclectic cast of characters and embark on a fantastic journey in the vast archipelago of Adamaria, evoking the gods of the land, sea, and sky in your quest to rekindle the fire of hope! Restore the light to the mystical Runes by earning the favor of the mighty Elemental Guardians and stand up to the oppressive forces of darkness. From the depths of the ocean to the highest skies and far, far beyond, your journey will take you to unimaginable places. Breathtaking action, mind-bending puzzles, and perilous traps await you in this epic 70-hour adventure. Come, awaken the power within YOU! Lose yourself in 'Elements: Soul of Fire!'
Legend of Grimrock is a dungeon crawling role playing game with an oldschool heart but a modern execution. A group of prisoners are sentenced to certain death by exiling them to the secluded Mount Grimrock for vile crimes they may or may not have committed. Unbeknownst to their captors, the mountain is riddled with ancient tunnels, dungeons and tombs built by crumbled civilizations long perished now. If they ever wish to see daylight again and reclaim their freedom the ragtag group of prisoners must form a team and descend through the mountain, level by level. The game brings back the oldschool challenge with highly tactical real-time combat and grid-based movement, devious hidden switches and secrets as well as deadly traps and horrible monsters. Legend of Grimrock puts an emphasis on puzzles and exploration and the wits and perception of the player are more important tools than even the sharpest of swords could be. And if you are a hardened dungeon crawling veteran and you crave an extra challenge, you can arm yourself with a stack of grid paper and turn on the Oldschool Mode which disables the luxury of the automap! Are you ready to venture forth and unravel the mysteries of Mount Grimrock? Key Features: Explore a vast network of ancient tunnels, discover secrets and find a way to survive in the perilous dungeons of Mount Grimrock. Cast spells with runes, craft potions with herbs and fight murderous monsters with a wide variety of weaponry. Create a party of four characters and customize them with different races, classes, skills and traits. Pure blooded dungeon crawling game with grid-based movement and thousands of squares riddled with hidden switches, pressure plates, sliding walls, floating crystals, forgotten altars, trapdoors and more. Includes the following digital extras: a beautifully crafted game manual, Legend of Grimrock world map, custom made grid paper, Grimrock theme music, art sheets illustrating foul creatures of Grimrock, and Almost Human team photo.
Save Your Girlfriend From The Mansion Your girlfriend has disappeared into the MANOR FOR THE FOREVER TORMENTED, a mansion swallowed by a demon named ToruTaru who is building an army of traumatized spirits to fight God. Find her and escape. Randomly Generated Horror Experience Procedural AI-generated infinitely randomized levels, enemies, and items make for a new play experience every time. Chilling horror experience tracks down, stalks, haunts, and torments the player personally Use 9 different talismans to fight ghosts, skip floors, or warp through walls Dozens of spirit behavior types and appearances haunt you as you ascend the infinite mansion Create a map as you explore and draw on it freely to make notes Help various people you encounter as you climb the mansion Climb to the highest floor you can and build your rank as a ToruTaru explorer Early Access Be a part of the terrifying and addictive early beta while the developer adds new types of levels, enemies, questgivers, talismans, and other features Early access purchases carry over to the full version - get it while it's cheap
The search for a lost artifact takes you to another world! Take an exciting journey in the realm of an ancient civilization. 'Legacy: Prisoner' is a HO adventure game, with a huge number of exciting mini-games and puzzles, which will take you right into a maelstrom of fantastic events in a distant world! When Diana, a young employee at the Museum of Natural History, notices a guard carrying away a rare Mayan bust, she rushes after him without thinking twice. But the pursuit takes an unexpected turn. Diana finds herself in another world, and not for the first time... And the way back is closed to her! Learn who will help Diana to face the numerous challenges awaiting her. Accompany them in their journey to the very end! In order to rescue a prisoner from an ancient temple and return home, Diana will have to complete a wide range of dangerous tasks, search temples and dungeons, conduct ancient rituals, and make some unusual friends who can help her. An unforgettable adventure awaits! - Help Diana get through the hardships and find the way home! - Discover a new, puzzling world and meet its inhabitants! - Test yourself with more than 40 fun mini-games and puzzles. - Find items from hidden collections and look for morphing objects. - Enjoy stunning locations, beautiful art and great music.
